#AceNewsReport British official says about 1 in 5 National Health Service trusts were hit by international ransomware cyberattack. http://ift.tt/2pvILMs #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
British official says about 1 in 5 National Health Service trusts were hit by international ransomware cyberattack. https://t.co/oyGnTcTOLn — The Associated Press (@AP) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Ta
The latest ransomware attack is the type that could kill someone (Colin Daileda/Mashable!)
Colin Daileda / Mashable!The latest ransomware attack is the type that could kill someone - The ransomware attacks spreading across at least 99 countries on Friday are the type of attack that could one day kill someone. That sounds like hyperbole, but thi
Security experts dash to contain ransomware attack
Sensitive data exposed by deep flaws at the heart of the interconnected global digital economy
Cyber attack crisis ‘isn’t over’: Warning from researcher who found ransomware ‘kill switch’
 A cybersecurity researcher appears to have discovered a “kill switch” that can prevent the spread of the WannaCry ransomware – for now – that crippled the NHS on Friday and affected almost 100 countries. The researcher, tweeting as @MalwareTechBlog, said
Global ransomware attack: 5 things to know – WSYR
 WSYR  Global ransomware attack: 5 things to knowWSYR(CNN) – A massive global ransomware attack has struck hospitals, companies and government offices around the world, seizing control of affected computers until the victims pay a ransom. The majority of 
(+) Global Malware Campaign WannaCry is Affecting Bitcoin’s Price
(+) Global Malware Campaign WannaCry is Affecting Bitcoin’s Price http://ift.tt/2qgz4yS Filed under: News  
Ransomware cyberattack: Indian doctor in London had warned days ago UK healthcare system was hit
An Indian-origin doctor in London had warned the government against such malicious cyber attack just days before WannaCry ransomware hit UK's healthcare services.
Two major Indonesian hospitals attacked in ransomware storm | Reuters
 JAKARTA At least two of Indonesia's major hospitals have been struck in the "ransomware" cyber attack that infected computers globally, a government official said on Saturday. Dharmais Hospital and Harapan Kita Hospital in Jakarta are affected by the ran
An anonymous blogger stopped the 'unprecedented' worldwide cyber attack by spending just £8
 The attack hit 48 NHS trusts and hit organisations in an astonishing 99 countries 
Global Ransomware Attack 'Accidentally' Halted But It's Probably Not Over
An anonymous 22-year-old security researcher who goes by MalwareTech has, at least temporarily, managed to find a kill switch for the ransomware that spread across the globe yesterday. He insists his discovery was entirely accidental but experts credit hi
5/14/2017: Malware attack reaches NZ sites
New Zealand’s spy agency has upped its cyber security measures for critical infrastructure, government departments and key businesses after a global ransomware attack reached this country. A virus named ‘‘WannaCry’’ infected thousands of computers...
Ransomware attack: India largely safe
http://www.pathlegal.in/Ransomware-attack:-India-largely-safe--legalnewscopied-1010210      Author: Joseph  While no major incident of the worldwide ransomware attack has been reported from India so far, Gulshan Rai, the Cyber Security Chief in the PMO, s
Microsoft issues-highly unusual- Windows XP patch to prevent massive ransomware attack (CNBC: Top News)
CNBC: Top NewsMicrosoft issues-highly unusual- Windows XP patch to prevent massive ransomware attack - Windows XP was unprotected, The Verge reports, with some organizations running the system despite the risks. ... 
Comey was loathed by the left, reviled by the right – must have been doing something right
Three years of the US's top cop in action Analysis  The firing of FBI Director James Comey came as a shock to almost everyone, not least to the man himself.…
Elliptic’s Rapid Response to Ransomware: a 4-Step Plan for Readiness, Resolution, and Identifying the Attacker
 LONDON & WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--$ransom #NHS--Bitcoin intelligence firm Elliptic issues Rapid Response for Ransomware attacks Reported by Business Wire 11 minutes ago.
Registering a single web address may have stopped a global malware attack
Registering a single web address may have stopped a global malware attack
FCC Chairman Voted To Sell Your Browsing History
FCC Chairman Voted To Sell Your Browsing History
Russian-linked Hackers Gang Reportedly Behind NHS Hack Using ....
The massive cyber attack on NHS left the everyone thinking about the origin of hackers. Now, according to the latest report, the gang could have alleged links to Russia. The cyber attack is possibly a reprisal for attacks on Syria by the US.In April, a my
CERT-In alert on ransomware attack
Referring to the malware that entered the police cyber networks in Andhra Pradesh, Mr Rai said, “Since this has happened here on the weekend, we are expecting a better impact assessment on Monday.”For...
74 Countries Hit By NSA-Powered WannaCrypt Ransomware Backdoor
74 Countries Hit By NSA-Powered WannaCrypt Ransomware Backdoor
LXer: 'Accidental hero' halts ransomware attack and warns: this is not over
Published at LXer: The kill switch was hardcoded into the malware in case the creator wanted to stop it spreading. This involved a very long nonsensical domain name that the malware makes a request to  just as if it was looking up any website  and if th
Spread of malware is first big test for Phl cybersecurity plan
MANILA, Philippines - The massive cyberattack involving a “ransomware” infection that affected several countries, including the Philippines, is the first tes
Quest Privilege Manager pmmasterd Buffer Overflow
This Metasploit modules exploits a buffer overflow in the Quest Privilege Manager, a software used to integrate Active Directory with Linux and Unix systems. The vulnerability exists in the pmmasterd daemon, and can only triggered when the host has been c
Global Ransomware Attack Spawned By NSA
NSA backdoor exploited by ransomers
The WikiLeaks revelations and the crimes of US imperialism
With increasing frequency, aggressive foreign policy moves by Washington have been palmed off by the media and political establishment as defensive responses to “hacking” and “cyber-espionage” by US imperialism’s geopolitical adversaries: Russia and China
Global cyber-attack: Security blogger halts ransomware 'by accident'
 A researcher who stopped the global cyber-attack believes the coder behind it made a mistake. Reported by BBC News 3 hours ago.
Microsoft Windows Now Patched Against WannaCry Ransomware Attack
The WannaCry ransomware that swept the globe on Friday has proven so malicious that Microsoft has issued patches for Windows versions dating back as far as 14 years. Late Friday, emergency security updates were released for Windows XP, Windows 8, and Wind
‘Accidental hero’ finds kill switch to stop spread of ransomware cyber-attack
 Click here to view original web page at www.theguardian.comAn “accidental hero” has halted the global spread of the WannaCry ransomware that has wreaked havoc on organizations including the UK’s National Health Service (NHS), FedEx and Telefonica. A cybe
Today’s Massive Ransomware Attack Was Mostly Preventable—Here’s How To Avoid It – Gizmodo
 Gizmodo  Today's Massive Ransomware Attack Was Mostly Preventable—Here's How To Avoid ItGizmodoRansomware may be mostly thought of as a (sometimes costly) nuisance, but when it hinders the ability of doctors and nurses to provide aid to those in need of 
Europe fights 'unprecedented' hacking
Britain's National Cyber Centre says it is "working round the clock" to counter a fast-moving, global ransomware attack that crippled the National Health Service and hit as many as 74 countries.         
"Ransomware" cyberattack cripples hospitals across England
LONDON (AP) " A large cyberattack crippled computer systems at hospitals across Britain on Friday, with appointments canceled, phone lines down and patients turned away.Britain's National Health Service said hospitals were hit by...
Experts bid to tackle cyber attack after NHS services crippled
Some 45 NHS organisations were caught up in the global attack which is thought to have affected 99 countries, including the US and Russia.
Renault And Nissan Plants Hit By Massive Ransomware Attack
French auto giant Renault became the first major French company to report being affected by Friday’s ransomware attack that affected tens of thousands of computers in almost 100 countries across the world, reports Automotive News. An English plant of Rena
Security Expert Weighs In On Worldwide Ransomware Hack
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Ransomware cyber attack: what we know so far as Government Cobra meeting concludes
 The attack hit thousands of organisations worldwide, including the Northumbria NHS trust, and Nissan, in Sunderland 
#AceSecurityNews Cyber attack reported in 74 countries with UK, US, China, Russia, Spain, Italy and Taiwan among those affected involved leaked #NSA hacking tool #AceNewsDesk .@AceNewsServices
 Ace News Services #AceNewsServices – May.12: Cyber attack reported in 74 countries with UK, US, China, Russia, Spain, Italy and Taiwan among those affected #AceNewsDesk reports   A series of ongoing cyber attacks that have hit 12 countries across Europe 
Experts bid to tackle ransomware cyber attack that hit North East hospitals and Nissan in Sunderland
 Computers across the world were left frozen, with vital files inaccessible, as hackers demanded payment in Bitcoin 
That global ransomware attack was halted apparently by accident – TechCrunch
 TechCrunch  That global ransomware attack was halted apparently by accidentTechCrunchYesterday's global ransomware attack was scary for several reasons, but quick action by a security researcher at MalwareTech at least put an end to its spreading — altho
The Latest: FedEx confirms it hit by malware attack – Yahoo News
 Yahoo News  The Latest: FedEx confirms it hit by malware attackYahoo NewsAn exterior view shows the main entrance of St Bartholomew's Hospital, in London, one of the hospitals whose computer systems were affected by a cyberattack, Friday, May 12, 2017. A
How to protect yourself from ransomware attack
How to protect yourself from ransomware attack
Microsoft Releases XP Patch for WannaCry Ransomware
Microsoft has taken the extraordinary step of providing an emergency update for unsupported Windows XP and Windows 8 machines in the wake of Friday’s WannaCry ransomware outbreak.
Ransomware attack: Andhra Pradesh police, firms hit; CERT issues advisory
Govt & private cybersecurity experts were pressed into service to decrypt the affected systems
How a security researcher miraculously and accidentally killed the WannaCry ransomware
The massive ransomware hack targeting Windows machines across the globewas stopped dead in its tracks by a security expert who inadvertently activated a kill switch built into the ma
What is ransomware?
Thousands of computers across the globe were hit by a ransom-demanding malware. DW explains what ransomware is and how to avoid becoming the next victim.
NHS cyber attack: How to protect yourself against ransomware
Installing new patches and computer updates, avoiding dubious websites and downloads, and backing up important files are key steps Reported by Independent 24 minutes ago.
Microsoft sends out a Windows XP patch to block new ransomware
Microsoft sends out a Windows XP patch to block new ransomware
Microsoft: Ransomware Targets Out-of-Date PCs Only
Microsoft: Ransomware Targets Out-of-Date PCs Only
Renault Hit in Ransomware Attack That Affected Thousands of Computers
 Renault is the first major French company that is affected by the ransomware attack that struck possibly hundreds of thousands of computers across the world this week. The attack was carried out through spam e-mails, and it is considered the biggest ever
European cyber police battle 'unprecedented' global hacking
Hackers strike in 74 countries to demand a ransom to avoid having data deleted.         
TA17-132A: Indicators Associated With WannaCry Ransomware
Posted by US-CERT on May 13 U.S. Department of Homeland Security US-CERT  National Cyber Awareness System:  TA17-132A: Indicators Associated With WannaCry Ransomware [ https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA17-132A ] 05/12/2017  09:36 PM EDT  Original rele
What We Know About the Global Ransomware Attack
Companies and institutions around the world are scrambling a day after a cyberattack hijacked computer systems, effectively holding them for ransom.
NHS struggles to cope after ransomware attack
No data lost up but IT teams stretched and patients face longer waiting times Reported by FT.com 25 minutes ago.
High school student reports ransomware attack
Taipei, May 13 (CNA) Police said on Saturday that a high school student in northern Taiwan's Taoyuan has reported his computer was attacked by the ransomware which encrypted his files and demanded US$600 in Bitcoin as a ransom to decrypt them.
How to protect yourself from ransomware
   
A British researcher says he found a kill switch for the malware crippling computers worldwide
"What had not counted on was a researcher doing the world a service,” one expert said.…
NHS cyber attack: How to protect yourself against ransomware
The risk of being infected by ransomware can be reduced significantly by taking the usual computer security steps, such as ensuring patches and updates are installed as they are released by software firms. According to the National Cyber Security Centre, 
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt finally spotted at Whitehall amid NHS chaos over ransomware attack
The Health Secretary was spotted at Whitehall to attend a COBRA meeting chaired by Home Secretary Amber Rudd
Microsoft releases Windows XP patch for WannaCrypt ransomware (Adario Strange/Mashable!)
Adario Strange / Mashable!Microsoft releases Windows XP patch for WannaCrypt ransomware - Still stubbornly running an ancient version of Windows, despite the security threats? Youre in luck, this time. The ransomware attack known as WannaCrypt that sent o
NHS cyber attack: Analyst tells how he killed WannaCry ransomware ravaging systems around the world
Independent [UK], by Ian Johnson Posted By: LittleHoodedMonk- Sat, 13 17 2017 03:17:00 GMT The cyber analyst who accidentally triggered a ´kill switch´ in the WannaCry ransomware has written about how he panicked and then literally jumped for joy as it be
Ransomware attackreported in March
CM warns people of opening anonymous mails
That global ransomware attack was halted apparently by accident Yesterday’s global ransomware attack was scary for several reasons, but quick action by a security researcher at MalwareTech at least put an end to its spreading — although the researcher didn’t realize it at the time. Read More http://ift.tt/2pvn1R2
from Pradodesign That global ransomware attack was halted apparently by accident Yesterday’s global ransomware attack was scary for several reasons, but quick action by a security researcher at MalwareTech at least put an end to its spreading — although t
“Massive Disturbances” In German Rail System Due To Ransomware Attack
zerohedge.com / by Tyler Durden / May 12, 2017 9:30 PM Germany's WAZ reports massive disturbances in local and long-distance rail traffic on Friday evening due to what appears to be the same ransomware attack that is spreading across the globe. Numerous s
An app helps parents safeguard kids from negative online behavior, but protects their privacy too
Bark is a mobile app that uses machine learning to detect cyberbullying, sexting and signs of depression or suicidal thoughts on children's phones.
Massive Global Malware Attack
Financial war and cyberwar can be more destructive than standing armies, able to cause enormous harm to many millions worldwide, severely damaging and halting government, commercial, and personal online activities. A statement by US Rep. Ted Lieu (D. CA),
Ransomware cripples computers worldwide – OregonLive.com
 OregonLive.com  Ransomware cripples computers worldwideOregonLive.comThis image provided by the Twitter page of @fendifille shows a computer at Greater Preston CCG as Britain's National Health Service is investigating "an issue with IT" Friday May 12, 20
Malware, described in leaked NSA documents, cripples computers worldwide
Hackers unleashed an attack that disabled computers in dozens of nations Friday using a software flaw that once was part of the National Security Agency's surveillance tool kit.The resulting wave of online chaos affected tens of thousands of machines worl
Ransomware Cyber Attack Plays Havoc in Several Countries including India
A global cyberattack has crippled nearly hundred countries, including India. A cyber gang called Shadow Brokers, which is a mysterious organisation is held responsible for this massive cyberattack. The organisation has carried out the attack by stealing a
How do ransom payments to the latest malware actually work?
How do ransom payments to the latest malware actually work? http://ift.tt/2rbPQOY Filed under: Bitcoin  
Falcon Intelligence Report: Wanna Ransomware Spreads Rapidly; CrowdStrike Falcon Prevents the Attack
 Wanna (also known as WannaCry, WCry, WanaCrypt and WanaCrypt0r) ransomware exploded onto the ransomware scene on May 12, 2017, with a mass campaign impacting organizations in many countries. This second variant of the ransomware has been leveraging the E
Bitcoin Exchange Poloniex Under Severe DDoS Attack Again, Users Outraged
                                Poloniex has been under a severe DDoS attack, the second attack that happened to Poloniex in the last 7 days. 
NPR News: Security Expert Weighs In On Worldwide Ransomware Hack
Security Expert Weighs In On Worldwide Ransomware Hack NPR'S Scott Simon speaks with Matt Tait, of Capital Alpha Security in the United Kingdom, about the ransomware hacks in dozens of countries on Friday. Read more on NPR  
WannaCry/Wcry Ransomware: How to Defend against It
An unprecedented wave of ransomware infections is hitting organizations in all industries around the world. The culprit: the WannaCry/WCry ransomware (detected by Trend Micro as RANSOM_WANA.A and RANSOM_WCRY.I).  https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/securi
How the ransomware that took down computers across the world was ‘stopped’ for just Rs 686 – Economic Times
 Economic Times  How the ransomware that took down computers across the world was 'stopped' for just Rs 686Economic TimesThe ransomware that took down over 100,000 computers across the world would have done extensive damage but for a 22-year-old cyber sec
Global Ransomware Attack: 5 Things To Know
The majority of the attacks targeted Russia, Ukraine and Taiwan. But the National Health Service in the United Kingdom and global firms such as Fedex also reported they had come under assault Friday. Experts suggested Saturday that the ransomware's progre
CERT-In issues alert against global ransomware attack
Government's cyber security arm CERT-In has alerted vital institutions including RBI, stock markets and NPCI against the latest cyber attack that has infected thousands of systems globally. Reported by DNA 17 minutes ago.
Malware Built On NSA Tools Used In Massive Cyber-Attack Hitting 74 Countries
  A screenshot of the warning screen from a purported ransomware attack, as captured by a computer user in Taiwan, is seen on laptop in Beijing, Saturday, May 13, 201. (AP/Mark Schiefelbein) Apparent National Security Agency (NSA) malware has been used in
An NSA-Derived Ransomware Worm Is Shutting Down Computers Worldwide
A highly virulent new strain of self-replicating ransomware shut down computers all over the world, in part by appropriating a National Security Agency exploit that was publicly released last month by the mysterious group calling itself Shadow Brokers. Th
Unprecedented global 'ransomware' attack seeks cash for data
Britain's National Cyber Security Center says teams are working "round the clock" to restore hospital computer systems after a global cyberattack that hit dozens of countries forced British hospitals to cancel and delay treatment for patients.
Ransomware Attacks Computer Networks Around The Globe
Massive cyberattacks spread throughout the world, affecting computer systems in nearly 100 countries. The hackers reportedly used a flaw in Microsoft software identified by the NSA.
Anti-DRM artists march on the World Wide Web Consortium today
 Today, activists will gather in Cambridge, Mass to march to the offices of W3C Director Tim Berners-Lee to urge him to keep DRM out of the standards for the open web. (more…) 
JAFF – A New Ransomware is in town, and it’s widely spread by the infamous Necurs Botnet
 Necurs, one of the largest botnets, went offline during the holiday period of 2016 and through the beginning of 2017. However it returned only to shortly peak late in April, spreading Locky using malicious PDF documents. http://blog.checkpoint.com/2017/0
The Latest: UK's health service hit by ransomware attack
LONDON (AP) " The Latest on reported cyberattack on Britain's hospitals (all times local):4:20 p.m.Britain's National Health Service says hospitals across the country have been hit by a "ransomware" cyberattack but there is no... Reported by New Zealand H
How a ransomware attack can affect hospitals (CNN)
How a ransomware attack can affect hospitals (CNN)
The Microsoft Tax: Leaked NSA malware hijacks Windows PCs worldwide; Macintosh unaffected
In mid-April, an arsenal of powerful software tools apparently designed by the NSA...
The Week in Ransomware - May 13th 2017 - The WanaCrypt0r RansomApocaGeddonWare
What a crazy end of the week we had with the WanaCrypt0r RansomApocaGeddonWare! This ransomware literally took the entire world by storm by utilizing the NSA EternalBlue SMBv1 exploit to install ransomware on many high profile victims. While that was defi
Hybrid Cloud Security | @CloudExpo @Cavirin #API #SDN #AI #DX #DataCenter
According to a recent Gartner study, by 2020, it will be unlikelythat any enterprise will have a “no cloud” policy, and hybrid will be the most common use of the cloud. While the benefits of leveraging public cloud infrastructures are well understood, the
WannaCry: What is ransomware and how to avoid it | News | Al Jazeera
Malicious software or "ransomware" has been used in a massive hacking attack, affecting tens of thousands of computers worldwide. Software security companies said a ransomware worm called "WannaCry" infected about 57,000 computer systems in 99 countries o
After the “WannaCrypt” Malware, Microsoft Pushes Update to Current and Unsupported Versions of Windows
Yesterday we witnessed new ransomware spread across the world with incredible speed and success, bringing businesses to their knees and home users learning for the first time about ransomware and why computer backups are so important. With over 123,000 co
Turnbull to tighten cyber security global malware attack
Turnbull to tighten cyber security global malware attack
.conf2016: Splunking the Endpoint: “Hands on!” Ransomware Edition
 Agenda: Ransomware overview How do we log in? Hands-On: Detection bywatchingthe endpoints Hands-On: A diversion over to forensics Hands-On: Ideas for prevention Ransomware detection, cybersecurity, data analytics and application.
£19 instead of £599 for a Cisco IOS network security (IINS) course from e-Courses4You – save 97% Wowcher.co.uk
Cisco IOS Network Security (IINS) Course Experiences Normal price: 599.00 Offer Price: GBP19.00     
NSA hacking tool hits dozens of nations in coordinated Ransomeware attack
24 hours after it first emerged, it has been called the first global, coordinated ransomware attack using hacking tools developed by the NSA, crippling over a dozen hospitals across the UK, mass transit around Europe, car factories in France and the UK, u
The virulent ransomware worm has been stopped (for now) by a hidden killswitch
 As the Wcry ransomware burned across the globe yesterday, spreading to more than 80 countries thanks to a bug in Windows that the NSA deliberately kept secret in order to weaponize it, it seemed unstoppable. (more…) 
NTT Security Cybersecurity Ransomware Expert Immediately Available
OMAHA, NE--(Marketwired - May 13, 2017) - In response to the recent global ransomware cyber attacks, NTT Security's Steven Bullitt is immediately available for media commentary (see bio below). Reported by Marketwired 1 hour ago.
Researcher finds 'kill switch' for cyberattack ransomware
A cybersecurity researcher appears to have discovered a "kill switch" that can prevent the spread of the WannaCry ransomware -- for now -- that has caused the cyberattacks wreaking havoc globally. Reported by DNA 2 hours ago.
NHS cyber attack: Analyst tells how he killed WannaCry ransomware ravaging systems around the world
Security expert, 22, experienced a rollercoaster of emotions including panic, confusion and 'jumping around with excitement' Reported by Independent 2 minutes ago.
Kyivstar, Vodafone-Ukraine, Volia, Poroshenko's office not hit by WannaCry ransomware
Ukrainian mobile operators Kyivstar, Vodafone-Ukraine, cable TV and Internet access provider Volia and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's administration have reported they have not been hit by cyberattacks with the use of WannaCry ransomware, the pres
Huge Ransomware Attack in Nearly 100 Countries
Major companies, government offices and hospitals were hit by a huge wave of cyberattacks around the world that take control of computers until victims paid a big ransom. On Friday, Avast a cybersecurity company said it had tracked over 75,000 ransomware 
#AceNewsReport ‘Militarization of #cyberspace going out of control’: IT experts talk #WannaCry ransomware hackstorm http://ift.tt/2pvzGDJ #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
‘Militarization of #cyberspace going out of control’: IT experts talk #WannaCry ransomware hackstorm https://t.co/6M3BLPbYbD — RT (@RT_com) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js #AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged: #AceNewsDesk The posts
Microsoft patches Windows XP to fight ‘WannaCrypt’ attacks
"Microsoft officially ended its support for most Windows XP computers back in 2014, but today it's delivering one more public patch for the 16-year-old OS. As described in a post on its Windows Security blog, it's taking this 'highly unusual' step after c
BLOGGER ACTIVATES KILL SWITCH IN WANNACRY RANSOMWARE BY PURCHASING A DOMAIN NAME?
BLOGGER ACTIVATES KILL SWITCH IN WANNACRY RANSOMWARE BY PURCHASING A DOMAIN NAME?
WannaCry Ransomware Infecting Systems Worldwide
WannaCry (also known as 'Wana Decrypt0r,' 'WannaCryptor' or 'WCRY') ransomware is infecting computers around the world....
NHS still reeling following ransomware attack as govt remains in dark over culprit
Patients are facing a weekend of delays as the UK’s National Health Service (NHS) battles to get its systems back online in the wake of a global ransomware attack. The virus, which has affected approximately 130,000 PCs around the world, hit the UK’s heal
Ransomware Virus Also Strikes India, Systems Of Andhra Pradesh Police Hit
http://www.pathlegal.in/Ransomware-Virus-Also-Strikes-India,-Systems-Of-Andhra-Pradesh-Police-Hit-legalnewscopied-1009980      Author: Joseph An unprecedented global wave of cyberattacks, which affected over 45,000 computers in at least 74 countries since
Widespread Ransomware Infecting Thousands Linked to NSA Exploit
Widespread Ransomware Infecting Thousands Linked to NSA Exploit http://ift.tt/2qcY5wN Filed under: Bitcoin  
Global ransomware attack: 5 things to know (CNN)
Global ransomware attack: 5 things to know (CNN)
Mauritania Releases Bodyguard Who Got Arrested After Spyware Deal Went Wrong
 After 20 months of detention inside a Mauritanian military camp, Cristian Provvisionato is going back home.  https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/mauritania-releases-bodyguard-who-got-arrested-after-spyware-deal-went-wrong   
Hackers hit dozens of countries exploiting stolen NSA tool
The attacks amounted to an audacious global blackmail attempt spread by the internet and underscored the vulnerabilities of the digital age
Phishing Fraud Warning
Phishing warning- People are apparently receiving these emails purporting to be relating to McGarr Solicitors from a domain called solicitors.ie. They’re not from us. Don't click them- just delete.  The post Phishing Fraud Warning appeared first on McGarr
NHS: No evidence of patient data breach in cyberattack – CNN
CNN NHS: No evidence of patient data breach in cyberattackCNNLondon (CNN) Britain's National Health Service does not have any evidence that patient data was breached following a ransomware attack, the agency said. Tens of thousands of ransomware attacks F
Anonymous hero disrupts hack with ‘kill switch’
As hospital after hospital went offline, security researchers around the world started poring over the ransomware that had gone round the globe. from Tech News – Latest Technology and Gadget News | Sky News http://ift.tt/2pIzThL via Aerials Sheffield TEC 
Ransomware attack also spreads to India; Andhra Pradesh Police systems affected
The largest global cyber attack has now affected India! Reported by DNA 45 minutes ago.
Weekend reads: Prison for sharing an article?; which country has most fake peer review retractions; counterfeit reagents
The week at Retraction Watch featured a look at a school where everyone has published in possibly predatory journals, and doubts about a study of doing math unconsciously. Here's what was happening elsewhere: Should sharing a copyrighted article lead to a
How the ransomware that took down computers across the world was 'stopped' for just Rs 686
The attack, however, had by that time infected tens of thousands of computers. The extent of any damage may be known only by Monday.
Applications of Machine Learning and Metaheuristic Search to Security Testing
 Huawei STW 2017 annual conference
WannaCry malware stops spreading, files still unrecoverable
Researcher activates kill switch to stop spread, but code still under analysis amid fear of more attacks
From India to Britain, massive ransomware attack creates havoc
A day after a massive ransomeware attack hit nearly 100 countries, including India, terrifying details were slowly emerging on Saturday as computers from hospitals in Britain to police stations in Andhra Pradesh were hacked into, keeping cyber security ex
How a global ransomware may have accidentally been stopped for just Rs 686
The ransomware that took down over 100,000 computers across the world would have done extensive damage but for a 22-year-old cyber security analyst who accidentally 'shut it down'. According to reports, the analyst stopped WannaCry ransomware's spread by 
Withdraw plan to charge on transactions on SBI mobile wallet, demands Employees Federation
The Bank Employees Federation of India has demanded …
Was massive world wide ransomware attack a dead mans switch for ...
Was massive world wide ransom ware attack a dead mans switch for the leftist, pedo, satanist cabal? Do they know they are about to be revealed, arrested, etc and pulled this one last stunt to try to hold the world hostage? Or to try to cover up whats abou
Meet the 'accidental hero' who saved the world from the ransomware cyber-attack
A cyber security researcher has reportedly discovered a 'kill switch' that can prevent the spread of the WannaCry ransomware, which is creating chaos worldwide. Reported by DNA 1 hour ago.
WannaCry Ransomware Halted by Accident
As we reported on yesterday, there was a little bit of a ransomware making its way around the world. It turns out, one of the reasons this outbreak was not as bad as it could have been was because of a lucky accident.   A security blogger who goes by the 
Iran issues alert on ransomware cyber attack
Tasnim – The Iranian Cyber Police issued a security alert to all Internet users in the country, encouraging people and organizations to update their operating systems to ward off a massive wave of cyberattacks across the globe that seize control of comput
TAIWAN CYBER ATTACK - Cyber security technicians in Taiwan bid to solve ransomware attack
TAIWAN CYBER ATTACK - Cyber security technicians in Taiwan bid to solve ransomware attack
Researcher discovers 'Kill Switch' for WannaCry ransomware, but crisis isn't over; here's what to do
The cybercriminals behind the WannaCry ransomware attack were not smart enough to hide a sloppy mistake, which helped a young security researcher find a "kill switch."
Russia hit hard in global ransomware attack
Russia has confirmed its Interior Ministry was targeted by a global cyber-attack using hacking tools reportedly created by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). Tens of thousands of computers across almost 100 countries were targeted in a global cyber 
Microsoft releases urgent OS patch in wake of #WannaCry ransomware blitz
 Microsoft has taken the “highly unusual” step of securing early operating systems in the wake of a massive ransomware attack that wreaked havoc on global computer networks, including the UK’s National Health Service. ...... Reported by WorldNews 5 hours 
GLOBAL BLACKOUT IMMINENT (MAY 13, 2017): GENEVA-BASED CIA PLOTTING GLOBAL ELECTRICAL/INTERNET BLACKOUT ON NIGHT OF MAY 13-14, 2017, LIKELY RESULTING IN RADAR & SATELLITE FAILURE, NUCLEAR SILO EXPLOSIONS, ICBM LAUNCHES AND/OR NUCLEAR REACTOR MELTDOWNS—Unprecedented May 12, 2017- ‘Ransomware’ Cyber-Attack on 99 Countries Designed to Set Precedent for Global Electical/Internet Blackout
David Chase Taylor May 13, 2017 Truther.org GERMANY, Undisclosed Location — Based on breaking news and events, it appears that, CIA Headquarters beneath Lake Geneva is plotting a wave of cyber-attacks on electrical and/or internet grids, likely causing nu
Ransomware virus strikes India
An unprecedented global wave of cyberattacks, which affected over 45,000 computers in at least 74 countries since Friday evening, has also spread to India.
What is Wanna Decryptor virus? A closer look at the ransomware used to attack the NHS
 Live updates as ransomware cyber attack goes global 
NHS ransomware attack update – Patch available for XP and other custom support platforms
The ISBuzz Post: This Post NHS ransomware attack update – Patch available for XP and other custom support platforms appeared first on Information Security Buzz. Microsoft has been working to issue patches in light of the large scale ransomware attack that
Microsoft Did Something Unexpected To Protect Windows Users From WannaCrypt Ransomware
The WannaCrypt ransomware spread like wildfire and ravaged businesses worldwide. Microsoft has taken an unusual step to stop it from spreading further.
Carmaker Nissan says UK plant hit by ransomware attack
Production at Nissan's manufacturing plant in Sunderland, northeast England, has been affected by a cyber attack that has hit nearly 100 countries, a spokesman for the Japanese carmaker said on Saturday. "Like many organisations, our UK plant was subject 
Nissan car plant is latest victim of global ransomware attack
Production at Nissan's manufacturing plant in Sunderland, northeast England, has been affected by a cyber attack that has hit nearly 100 countries, a spokesman for the Japanese carmaker said on Saturday.
Renault stops production at several plants after ransomware cyber attack as Nissan also hacked
Scores of countries have been affected by the so-called ransomware hack, which has infected computers around the world in a number of industries
Global Ransomware Cyber Attack Shuts Down Computers In 74 Countries
A massive ransomware attack, which security researchers say used a Windows exploit first developed by the United States National Security Agency, shut down computer systems across several countries, including India, last night. According to anti-virus pro
Russian banks, railway giant among targets of WannaCry ransomware allegedly linked to NSA
 Russian Railways was among the companies compromised by the WannaCry ransomware, while Russian banks successfully blocked Friday’s hack attacks. The virus is believed to be linked with the NSA’s stash of exploits exposed by Shadow Brokers hacker group. R
Ceres's right side is the weak link in their defence that JDT must exploit
JDT can take a huge step towards next stage of the AFC Cup if they can take advantage of Ceres' weaknesses
Ransomware cyber attack hits 99 countries including India; find out what actually happened
Ransomware is a type of malicious software that infects a computer and restricts users' access to it until a ransom is paid to unlock it. The post Ransomware cyber attack hits 99 countries including India; find out what actually happened appeared first on
The Best Point of Sale Apps
The Best Point of Sale Apps
The ransomware attack is all about insufficient funding of the NHS | Charles Arthur
A message informing visitors to an NHS trust website that it is having problems with IT services. The heart sinks whenever Amber Rudd, the home secretary, talks about anything to do with computers. On Saturday, in the wake of the malware attack that has c
Microsoft Did Something Unexpected To Protect Windows Users From WannaCrypt Ransomware – Forbes
 Forbes  Microsoft Did Something Unexpected To Protect Windows Users From WannaCrypt RansomwareForbesFrom out of nowhere, new ransomware called WannaCrypt ripped through computers worldwide this week. WannaCrypt spread incredibly quickly, worming its way 
Ransomware plagues 75k computers across 99 countries – NSA exploit blamed
RT | The impact the cyberattack had on hospitals raised greatest concerns.
Practical Internet of Things Security
Practical Internet of Things Security
Trump's Cyber-Security Executive Order Is a Good First Step
NEWS ANALYSIS: The new executive order adds important requirements and assessments missing from previous efforts, but without further action those first steps will accomplish little.
Aadhaar mandatory or voluntary? Ahead of Supreme Court hearing 63 per cent concerned about data leakage
A five-judge bench of the Supreme Court will decide whether Aadhaar can be made mandatory or not. Ahead of that hearing majority of people, in a survey, expressed concern about leakage of their Aadhaar data. However, 70 per cent participants were in favou
THE STUNNING THING COMEY SAID AFTER TRUMP ACCUSED OBAMA OF WIRETAPPING SAYS IT ALL: SHOCK REPORT
THE STUNNING THING COMEY SAID AFTER TRUMP ACCUSED OBAMA OF WIRETAPPING SAYS IT ALL: SHOCK REPORT 
IT’S OVER: Wikileaks Nukes the Trump-Russia Story From Orbit, Leaves Only Planetary Debris
I’ll cut to the chase: within 24 hours of their crushing election defeat, Hillary Clinton and her campaign aides created the “Russia hacked the election” meme from whole cloth. Yes, it’s true. h/t Mom  
NHS cyber attack: Surrey hospitals unaffected by ‘ransomware’ sting but pledge to remain vigilant after huge breach
 The cyber attack has affected 45 NHS organisations, including 22 hospitals, and has spread to nearly 100 countries around the world  from getsurrey – Home http://www.getsurrey.co.uk/news/surrey-news/nhs-cyber-attack-surrey-hospitals-13030127  
1000 mg Zithromax How Much Cost – BitCoin payment Is Available – Drug Shop
Generic Zithromax Safe Buy Zithromax Cheapest. Zithromax (Azithromycin) is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections. Generic Zithromax is one of the world’s most commonly prescribed antibiotics due to its long-lasting effects. Generic Zit
Stephen Lendman: Massive Global Malware Attack
Massive Global Malware Attackby Stephen Lendmanread more 
Обновления для Microsoft Windows Server 2003 / updates (670) / хотфиксы (hotfixes), сервис-паки (service-packs) и так далее
DevOpsEngineer: Security Update for Windows Server 2003 for x64-based Systems (KB4012598)   Windows Server 2003,Windows Server 2003, Datacenter Edition   Security Updates   5/13/2017 951 KB   Security Update for Windows Server 2003 (KB4012598)   Windows S
Hackers strike 74 countries with stolen NSA hacking tool
Using a tool likely stolen from the United States intelligence community, hackers launched a massive cyberattack across the world on Friday, hitting government agencies and other organizations in up to 75 countries.  The malicious …
Global ransomware attack based on stolen NSA tools cripples computer networks worldwide
A global cyber attack apparently based on stolen US National Security Agency's surveillance tools engulfed over 100 countries on Friday affecting tens of thousands..
Stephen Lendman: DNI Disgracefully Coats Calls Russia a Serial Election Hacker
DNI Coats Disgracefully Calls Russia a Serial Election Hackerby Stephen Lendmanread more 
‘Kill switch’ helps slow the spread of WannaCry ransomware
 Friday’s unprecedented ransomware attack may have stopped spreading to new machines — at least briefly — thanks to a "kill switch" that a security researcher has activated. The ransomware, called Wana Decryptor or WannaCry, has been found infecting machi
Europol: Ransomware attack is of unprecedented level
International investigation needed to identify culprits of biggest-of-its-kind cyber-extortion attack, Interpol says.
(Elite Plan To Criminalize Bitcoin) NSA Malware (RansomWare ETERNALBLU WannaCrypt)
(Elite Plan To Criminalize Bitcoin) NSA Malware (RansomWare ETERNALBLU WannaCrypt) http://ift.tt/2pv8dSz Filed under: Bitcoin  
Spain Telefonica Targeted In Worldwide Ransomware Cyber Attack
Telecommunications company Telefonica, with offices held in Madrid, was affected by the massive global ransomware cyberattack on Friday.. This item belongs to: movies/opensource_movies. This item has files of the following types: Archive BitTorrent, MPEG4
Spain: Massive ransomware attack hits major companies
(MENAFN - The Peninsula) AA  MADRID: Spanish officials confirmed Friday that a massive cyberattack has hit a number of Spanish companies, in what appears to be part of a coordinat...
Microsoft Releases Emergency Windows XP Update to Block WannaCry Ransomware
 Microsoft has published an emergency update for Windows versions that are only getting custom support in order to block the ongoing attacks with the WannaCry ransomware (flagged by Microsoft as Ransom:Win32/WannaCrypt). Windows XP, Windows 8, and Windows
No ransomware attack in Malaysia: MCMC
PUTRAJAYA: The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) says no ransomware attacks have been reported in Malaysia as at 10am today amidst a massive global cyber-attack which hit nearly 100 countries. "MCMC is continuing to monitor the sit
Hackers use stolen NSA tool in global cyber attack
SINGAPORE/LONDON – A global cyber attack leveraging hacking tools believed to have been developed by the U.S. National Security Agency has infected tens of thousands of computers in nearly 100 countries, disrupting Britain's health system and [...]
Election Hacking: A False Russian Flag in France?
George Beebe, National InterestIt isn't difficult to compile a list of countries whose interests would be served by stoking tensions between Russia and the West.
Ransomware is 'biggest growing cyber threat'
2017-05-13 13:21 EN NW GRAB THIERRY KARSENTI 14H
WannaCrypt ransomware: Microsoft issues emergency patch for Windows XP – ZDNet
 ZDNet  WannaCrypt ransomware: Microsoft issues emergency patch for Windows XPZDNetWannaCrypt/WannaCry ransomware has affected Windows XP systems across the globe. Image: Cisco Talos. Microsoft has taken the unprecedented step of issuing patches for unsup
The biggest cyber-attacks, hacks and data breaches
14 of the biggest cyber-attacks, hacks and data breaches in history.
Ransomware attack: Live updates as unprecedented global hack spreads from NHS to car manufacturers
The NHS cyber attack is now spreading to car plants with Renault and Nissan factories now being effected as hospital patients across the country are being turned away
NSA Hacking Tools Used In WanaCry Global Ransomware Attack Targeting Hospitals, Banks And Tech Companies
… place Friday, affecting healthcare services, banks and tech companies. The attack …
France's Renault hit by ransomware global cyber attack
PARISFrench carmaker Renault was hit by the global ransomware cyber attack that has infected tens of thousands of computers in nearly 100 countries, a spokeswoman said on Saturday. It is the first major French company to report being affected by the malic
The ransomware causing chaos globally – BBC News
   BBC News  The ransomware causing chaos globallyBBC NewsTens of thousands of organisations have been caught out by a computer virus called WannaCry. The malicious software locks data away and demands a payment of up to $300 (£230) a time before it will 
Ceres's right side is the weak link in their defence that JDT must exploit
Ceres's right side is the weak link in their defence that JDT must exploit
How to protect yourself from the massive ransomware attack
Take precautions against the ransomware attack taking computers hostage around the world.
Military Biometrics Market: Facial and Iris Recognition to Witness Strong Demand
  Global Military Biometrics Market: Snapshot The growing threat of national security due to rise in number of illegal migration, is one of the primary drivers aiding to the growth of the global military biometrics market. The increase in the number of il
Global Bitcoin Extorting Ransomware Campaign Hits as Many as 74 Countries
Global Bitcoin Extorting Ransomware Campaign Hits as Many as 74 Countries http://ift.tt/2pIxaow Filed under: News  
"Where is Jeremy Hunt?" Outrage at missing Health Minister as NHS thrown into chaos by ransomware hack attack
The attack comes after the Tories cut security support for the NHS’s outdated computer system a year ago, it was claimed
Renault targeted by ransomware hackers
The French manufacturer is the first car manufacturer to be targeted by the same attackers to have ambushed the NHS this week Renault has been attacked by online hackers; reported to be the same group as to have attacked the NHS this week.  The BBC report
[Tweet] Protect Against WannaCry: Microsoft Issues Patch for Unsupported Windows (XP, Vista, 8,…) https://t.co/TiP4usVPUY… https://t.co/PeNqvKBHvF
Protect Against WannaCry: Microsoft Issues Patch for Unsupported Windows (XP, Vista, 8,…) https://t.co/TiP4usVPUY… https://t.co/PeNqvKBHvF
NHS Ransomware Attacks
The ISBuzz Post: This Post NHS Ransomware Attacks appeared first on Information Security Buzz. Following the News that hospitals across England have been hit by a large scale cyber-attack. Hospitals across the country appear to have been simultaneously hi
Did Kaspersky step in dog-doo?
 On 11 May 2017, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) sure made it appear as if Russian multinational cybersecurity company, Kaspersky Labs, had a stench attached to it. During the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (SSCI) session on World Wide Threat Assessme
Report Says Leaked Cyber Tools With Connection To NSA Appear To Be Behind Worldwide Ransomware Attacks
(NATIONAL) -- Some "leaked alleged NSA hacking tools" appear to be behind that massive, international cyber-attack this week that disrupted both hospitals and businesses in Europe, Asia and Russia, according to a new report by Politico.
Ransomware Cyber Attack Using NSA Tools Hits Russian Government, Global Firms and Hospitals
The Russian Interior Ministry confirmed the government was among the thousands hit by an attack that used NSA tools.
Emsisoft Decrypter for Amnesia Unlocks Files Targeted by the Amnesia Ransomware
Emsisoft Decrypter for Amnesia will help decrypt files encrypted by the Amnesia ransomware. We also have http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/emsisoft_decrypter_tools.htmlEmsisoft Decrypter Tools; ...
Cyber attack alert! Malware 'Wannacry' is spreading: Know all about it
Nearly hundred countries, including India, have been hit by a massive cyber-attack
Huge Cyberattack Hits Nearly 100 Countries With ‘Wanna Decryptor’ Malware. Las Vegas Blog
  Hospitals, schools, companies and governments around the world were assessing the damage Saturday after a massive cyberattack hit almost 100 hundred countries, infecting computers with malware in that demanded ransom payments. No one has yet claimed the
UK general election: How vulnerable are British political parties and voters to hacking?
IBTimes UK speaks to experts to find out more about potential cyberthreats in the run-up to the election.
Ransomware infections reported worldwide
A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected a number of organisations around the world, the BBC reports. Screenshots of a well known program that locks computers and demands a payment in Bitcoin have been shared online by parties claiming to be
Microsoft release Wannacrypt patch for unsupported Windows XP, Windows 8 and Windows Server 2003
 As the Wannacrypt ransomware spread to 99 countries around the world, mainly infecting legacy Windows operating systems, Microsoft has responded with guidance and help for products which have long exited support. Calling the attacks "painful", Phillip Mi
#AceSecurityNews – Shutting the door after the horse has bolted as U.K. Health Service, Targeted in Cyberattack, Ignored Warnings for Months over possible data breach which is being denied by authorities after ransomware attack on Friday #AceNewServices
#AceNewsReport – May.13: UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd tells BBC she expects NHS trusts to learn from cyber-attack and upgrade IT systems #AceNewsDesk reports https://t.co/BmAmyX7hgr The National Health Service was repeatedly warned about its out-of-date a
WannaCry ransomware attack
WannaCry, also known as WanaCrypt0r 2.0, is a ransomware malware tool. In May 2017, a large-scale cyber attack using it was launched, infecting over 75,000 computers in 99 countries, demanding ransom payments in 20 languages. The attack affected Telefónic
Two Major Indonesian Hospitals Attacked in 'Ransomware' Storm
JAKARTA (Reuters) - At least two of Indonesia's major hospitals have been struck in the "ransomware" cyber attack that infected computers globally,...
Ransomware virus plagues computers across 99 countries
A ransomware virus is spreading aggressively around the globe, with over 100,000 computers in 99 countries having been targeted, according to the latest data. The virus infects computer files and then demands bitcoins to unblock them. An increase in activ
Alarm grows over global ransomware attacks
Security experts expressed alarm Friday over a fast-moving wave of cyberattacks around the world that appeared to exploit a flaw exposed in documents leaked from the US National Security Agency. The attacks came in the form of ransomware, a technique used
With $11 domain purchase, UK techie arms for battle vs. 'WannaCry' ransomware - MarketWatch
 MarketWatch.com: MarketWatch With $11 domain purchase, UK techie arms for battle vs. 'WannaCry' ransomware MarketWatch The researcher bought the domain name on a website called NameCheap.com for $10.69, and set it up on a server in Los Angeles. When the 
WCry is so mean Microsoft issues patch for 3 unsupported Windows versions
 Enlarge (credit: Health Service Journal)  A day after a ransomware worm infected 75,000 machines in 100 countries, Microsoft is taking the highly unusual step of issuing patches that immunize Windows XP, 8, and Server 2003, operating systems the company 
Boris Johnson warns of Russia hacking UK election: 'Putin would rejoice' if Jeremy Corbyn won
The Kremlin has been accused of cyberattacks on the US and French elections.
9 Ways to prevent identity fraud
Identity theft: 9 Ways to prevent credit fraud.
G7 reiterates FX pledges, vows more cyber cooperation - draft
Financial leaders of seven leading world economies will pledge stronger cooperation against cyber crime on Saturday.
Making Android modular with Project Treble is Google's solution to its fragmentation and update problem
One of the problems with buying an Android smartphone is that there is usually no way to tell just how long it will be supported and how long you'll get Android updates. Unless you have a Google-branded device, it's hit-and-miss when, or indeed if, you'll
Asia assesses ransomware assault, extent may not be known until Monday
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Some hospitals, schools and universities in Asia were hit by a global cyber attack which infected tens of thousands of computers in Europe and the United States, but officials and researchers said the extent of any damage may not yet
How One Simple Trick Just Put That Huge Ransomware Fire Out
A researcher just killed WannaCry but he warns it'll rise again if people don't patch.
Bitcoin treated as money in Australia from 1. july
Bitcoin will be treated as money in Australia by July 1, 2017, and will be exempt from goods and services tax (GST). Bitcoin traders and investors will not be taxed for purchasing and selling Bitcoin through regulated exchanges and trading platforms. Read
Isle hospitals, banks on guard, so far unscathed by ransomware cyberattack
Local health care and financial institutions appear to have been left unscathed by the massive ransomware cyberattack that struck hospitals, companies and government agencies Friday. The Queen’s Medical Center made it through the one-day blitz without any
Microsoft Issues Rare Windows XP Patch Following Global WannaCrypt Ransomware Outbreak
 Microsoft stopped supporting Windows XP several years ago, though because some users and businesses (including government agencies) are still clinging to the legacy operating system, it has been known to release patches for more serious security threats.
Was the recent Malware attack used to price control Bitcoin?
Was the recent Malware attack used to price control Bitcoin? http://ift.tt/2qCEkzM Filed under: Bitcoin  
Microsoft patches Windows XP and Server 2003 due to WannaCrypt attacks
 On Friday evening, Microsoft released patches for Windows XP, Server 2003, and Windows 8, after those systems were infected with Ransomware on Friday. WannaCrypt, a variant of WannaCry Ransomware, used previously leaked NSA tools to exploit vulnerabiliti
Houston Event: Cybersecurity, Enterprise Risk and the Boardroom
What could a hacking event mean for directors and officers? Significant cybersecurity incidents are intensifying and evolving. What are director and officer (D&O) duties to prevent, prepare for and respond to data breaches? Directors and officers are faci
For now, GNU GPL is an enforceable contract, says US federal judge
The software hippies' minds are going to be blown over this one A question mark over whether the GNU GPL – the widely used free-software license – is enforceable as a contract may have been resolved by a US federal judge.…
du Recognised as Best Cloud Infrastructure Provider and Best Managed Security Services Provider
Dubai, UAE - du has received prestigious recognition for its Cloud and Managed Security Services during two awards ceremonies this May. The telecommunications provider was recognised as the Best Managed Security Services provider in the Middle East by For
Samsung Z4 is the Latest Entry-Level Smartphone Running Tizen OS
Tizen OS is Samsung's own Linux-based operating system that runs on their electronics including smart watches and smart TVs. In 2015, Samsung started using Tizen on its smartphones, specifically the Z series. Back in 2015 when they released the first Sams
Asia still assessing ransomware damage
SINGAPORE: Some hospitals, schools and universities in Asia were hit by a global cyber attack that has infected tens of thousands of computers in Europe and the United States, but officials and researchers said the extent of the damage is not yet known. R
Warning NHS ransomware attack could get worse as hijacked machines used as 'zombies' to infect others
 The health service was dealt a major blow yesterday as computers were infected with ransomware, which demanding electronic money to unlock private data 
How a $10.69 purchase may have sidelined the global malware attack - Washington Post
 WashingtonPost.com: Washington Post How a $10.69 purchase may have sidelined the global malware attack Washington Post About 3 p.m. Eastern time, the specialist with U.S. cybersecurity enterprise Kryptos Logic bought an unusually long and nonsensical dom
#AceNewsReport More Than 75,000 Ransomware Cyber Attacks Hit Nearly 100 Countries https://t.co/6D5T8M3isT http://ift.tt/2qcuYtA #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
More Than 75,000 Ransomware Cyber Attacks Hit Nearly 100 Countries https://t.co/6D5T8M3isT http://pic.twitter.com/trtMHykm0A — KTLA (@KTLA) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged: #AceNewsDesk The posts 
Proofpoint : "Kill switch" stops spread of ransomware cyber- attacks
(4-traders.com) London [U.K.], May 13 (ANI) : An accidental hero has halted the global spread of the 'WannaCry ransomware' that wreaked havoc on various organizations across the globe on Friday, from the UK's National health Service to European telecoms c
NHS cyber-attack: Hospitals warn patients to stay away from A&E as ransomware cripples systems
Thousands of patients across England and Scotland stuck in limbo after A&E wards, GP's surgeries and other vital services across NHS infected by malicious software
Ransomware which hit NHS is based on NSA 'backdoor'
A ransomware attack that has infected dozens of NHS trusts uses a “backdoor” to Windows which was created by the US National Security Agency, it has emerged.
Massive Ransomware Outbreak Thanks to NSA – WannaCry Worm Spreading Fast
from Barnacules Nerdgasm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibLaCEL8E4E Feel living in the stone age? Check this nerd channel now right here, right now from Blogger http://lamurdis.blogspot.com/2017/05/massive-ransomware-outbreak-thanks-to.html  
MCMC issues statement on global ransomware cyberattack
AFP File Photo KUALA LUMPUR: The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) is aware of the massive global ransomware cyberattacks that have hit nearly 100 countries since yesterday. As of 10am this morning, no attacks have been reported in
Las Vegas Will Use AI To Protect Against Ransomware And Phishing
Las Vegas is one of the most bustling U.S. cities and because of the large casino operations in the city and electronic transfers of millions of dollars every day, cyber security is of prime importance. The city’s information security team, which comprise
The Latest: FedEx confirms it hit by malware attack – CNBC
 CNBC  The Latest: FedEx confirms it hit by malware attackCNBCSpain's Cybersecurity National Institute, INCIBE, says that many of the country's corporations targeted in a global ransomware attack are regaining control over their systems and resuming opera
Massive ransomware cyber-attack hits nearly 100 countries around the world
 More A ransomware cyber-attack that may have originated from the theft of “cyber weapons” linked to the US government has hobbled hospitals in England and spread to countries across the world. Security researchers with Kaspersky Lab have recorded more th
Domain registration halts spread of WannaCry malware…for now
 Domain Name Wire: A 41-character .com domain was key to bringing down a malware campaign. A ransomware attack based on an NSA tool spread like wildfire yesterday…until a researcher spent ten bucks to register a domain name. A malware researcher discovere
Accidental Hero' Finds Kill Switch To Stop Wana Decrypt0r Ransomware
"An 'accidental hero' has halted the global spread of the WannaCry ransomware that has wreaked havoc on organizations..." writes The Guardian. An anonymous reader quotes their report:A cybersecurity researcher tweeting as @malwaretechblog, with the help o
In response to WannaCry attacks, Microsoft issues security update for older Windows versions, including Windows XP, Windows 8, and Windows Server 2003 (Phillip Misner/MSRC)
Phillip Misner / MSRC:In response to WannaCry attacks, Microsoft issues security update for older Windows versions, including Windows XP, Windows 8, and Windows Server 2003 Microsoft solution available to protect additional products Today many of our cust
Ransomware cyberattack that hit NHS and Telefonica now detected in 99 countries
Ransomware cyberattack that hit NHS and Telefonica now detected in 99 countries
(RANSOMWARE) Is this Government Attempt to Destroy CryptoCurrency?
(RANSOMWARE) Is this Government Attempt to Destroy CryptoCurrency? http://ift.tt/2qdkObw Filed under: CryptoCurrency  
SBU hopes to strengthen cooperation with U.S. on countering terrorism, fighting cyber threats
 Ukraines SBU Security Service has hosted a meeting of the leadership of the Ukrainian special service with representatives of the U.S. Congress headed by Chairman of the Homeland Security Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives Michael McCaul. "Th
Ransomware cyber-attack hits almost 100 countries
Computer hackers have launched a major international cyber-attack which has hit almost 100 countries. Ransomware targeted users and locked them out of their computers. It has caused chaos in the UK where emergency rooms have been forced to close. Al Jazee
Johnson: Russian Hacking of British Election ‘Realistic Possibility’
There is a “realistic possibility” Russia might try to interfere in Britain’s national election next month, Boris Johnson, Britain’s foreign secretary, said. In an interview with The Telegraph newspaper published Saturday, the Conservative politician also
Boris Johnson: Possible That Russian Will Hack U.K. Election Because Vladimir Putin Wants to 'Undermine Democracy'
Johnson said of Putin, “it’s blatantly obvious that’s what he did in France, so we have to be vigilant."
Asia Assesses Ransomware Assault, Extent May Not Be Known Until Monday
By Jeremy WagstaffSINGAPORE (Reuters) - Some hospitals, schools and universities in Asia were hit by a global cyber attack which infected tens of...
Lebanon blames Israel for anti-Hezbollah telecoms hacking
The Lebanese government blamed Israel Friday for a recent hacking in which audio messages were sent to people in Lebanon claiming the Hezbollah leader was behind the death of the group's top military commander.
United States: Wave ​of Ransomware Attacks Cripples Dozens of Institutions Worldwide including U.K.'s NHS - Poyner Spruill LLP
Movie buffs are familiar with a favored narrative arc: something with tremendous power, such as the Ebola virus, escapes from its clinical confines and proceeds to wreak havoc on the world. (It also works with aliens, ghosts, and supervillains). A digital
How One Simple Trick Just Put That Huge Ransomware Fire Out (Forbes)
How One Simple Trick Just Put That Huge Ransomware Fire Out (Forbes)
NSA Stupidity Created Ransomware Cyber Crisis
NSA Stupidity Created Cyber Crisis A ransomware virus is spreading aggressively around the globe, with over 100,000 computers in 99 countries having been targeted, according to the latest data. The virus infects computer files and then demands bitcoins to
99 Countries Affected By Massive WanaCrypt0r Ransomware Attack
Short Bytes: The hackers have used the leaked NSA tools to infect computers withWanaCrypt0r 2.0 ransomware. This malware exploitsEternalBlue vulnerability and uses phishing emails to infect computers. Till now, Avast has recorded more than 75,000 infectio
Chase Gunter: What does the internet of things mean for data breaches?
The explosive growth of internet-connected devices creates new pathways for attack for hackers, and expands the possibilities of the kinds of data that can be compromised. The question before… Source link 
NHS Cyber Attack: Government bosses assuring patients data not stolen during security breach
 It has affected 45 NHS organisations, Amber Rudd said. 
Trump cyber executive order focuses on cyber-risk management
The Trump cyber executive order arrived with a focus on cyber-risk management and reports, but key details missing in terms of implementing changes. from rsstechygods http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/news/450418734/Trump-cyber-executive-order-focuses-
Cisco vulnerability from WikiLeaks’ Vault 7 dump finally patched
News roundup: A Cisco vulnerability disclosed in the Vault 7 dump finally has a patch. Plus, Google's fuzzing bot finds over 1,000 bugs in five months, Comey dismissed and more. from rsstechygods http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/news/450418728/Cisco-v
Android clickjacking attacks possible from Google Play apps
Google implemented clickjacking attack mitigations in Android but left a potential avenue for malicious actors that won't be fixed until Android O is released. from rsstechygods http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/news/450418664/Android-clickjacking-atta
Samsung releasing another Tizen-based smartphone - the Z4
The latest entry in the Z line is a budget device aimed at developing markets. Samsung hasn’t unveiled pricing yet.
#AceNewsReport Today’s front page: Malware ‘stolen from the NSA’ cripples the NHS https://t.co/MKfnvxbj25 http://ift.tt/2qdsFWF – @AceDailyNews
Today's front page: Malware 'stolen from the NSA' cripples the NHS https://t.co/MKfnvxbj25 http://pic.twitter.com/rCKkFFBh2g — Daily Mail U.K. (@DailyMailUK) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: News and Views Tagged: #Ac
IoT: New Paradigm for Connected Government | @ThingsExpo #AI #DX #IoT
The Internet of Things (IoT) is an uninterrupted connected network of embedded objects/ devices with identifiers without any human intervention using standard and communication protocol. It provides encryption, authorization and identification with differ
WannaCrypt ransomware worm targets out-of-date systems
On May 12, 2017 we detected a new ransomware that spreads like a worm by leveraging vulnerabilities that have been previously fixed. While security updates are automatically applied in most computers, some users and enterprises may delay deployment of pat
Mysterious hacking collective called ‘The Shadow Brokers’ stole NSA superweapon and caused global cyber attack that has shut hospitals, hit FedEx and is causing chaos in 99 countries
Hackers hit dozens of countries on Friday by exploiting a stolen tool used by the US National Security Agency The cyber attack rapidly spread and infected computers across the globe Hackers are believed to have exploited the NSA tool, which was stolen and
Global cyber-attack: Here's how hackers used tools stolen from NSA and wreaked havoc
A global cyber attack leveraging hacking tools believed to have been developed by the U.S. National Security Agency has infected tens of thousands of computers in nearly 100 countries, disrupting Britain's health system and global shipper FedEx.
NHS suffers a denial of service attack. We think.
NHS suffers a denial of service attack. We think.
90% of Mobile Money Players Taking Wrong Approach, Finds TeleResearch Labs
As mobile money players turn to „Hypergrowth strategy," players who are still relying on traditional business models will be outperformed more quickly than can be imagined.  Washington, DC, May 13, 2017 –(PR.com)– 90% of Mobile Money Players Taking Wrong 
WanaCrypt0r Hits Worldwide
Consumers and businesses should be sure their Windows systems and software are updated with all current patches in order to stop the spread of this dangerous ransomware attack.
FedEx hit as NSA-linked ransomware spreads around the world
In this July 9, 2014 photo, Mitchell Rodgers loads packages into his delivery truck at the FedEx Express station in Nashville, Tenn. FedEx Corp., on Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014, reported profi
Never mind the NHS – our nuclear trident submarines also run on Windows XP!
 Pride's Purge Very worryingly, today the NHS was hit by a cyber attack.  This is because the NHS is so underfunded that when Microsoft stopped support for Windows XP – the operating system which most NHS hospitals use – they didn’t have enough money to u
The Information Sharing Statement Grows Some Teeth
[DESCRIPTION UNAVAILABLE]
New state law requires safeguards against hacking for baby monitors
Van Drew Senator Jeff Van Drew participates in the NEW JERSEY: HOW SHOULD WE RESPOND? panel discussion, Thursday May 28, 2015, as part of the East Coast Gaming Congress held at Borgata Hotel
More DRM Fixes Make It In Time For Linux 4.12-rc1, Lots Of Vega Work
Following last week's main feature pull request of the Direct Rendering Manager updates for Linux 4.12, David Airlie has now submitted -- and was already pulled by Torvalds -- some fixes ahead of this weekend's expected 4.12-rc1 release...
‘Kill switch’ found for ongoing ransomware attack
'Kill switch' found for ongoing ransomware attack http://ift.tt/2rc8Ai1 Filed under: Bitcoin  
Eurotech Announces a New Partnership with VMware Answering to the Emerging Architecture Needs of Edge IoT Computing Nodes
Eurotech Announces a New Partnership with VMware Answering to the Emerging Architecture Needs of Edge IoT Computing Nodes  Amaro, Italy, May 13, 2017 –(PR.com)– Eurotech, a long-time leading provider of embedded systems and a global leader in Internet of 
Update: Ransomware Hack of UK Hospitals Part of Global Cyber Attack
Extortionist hackers who may be using leaked computer exploits from the U.S. National Security Agency infiltrated computers in dozens of countries in a fast-spreading attack that forced British hospit
NHS cyber attack: UK researcher 'accidentally' stops global spread of ransomware by activating 'kill switch'
A 22-year-old UK cyber security researcher “accidentally” managed to stop the spread of a ransomware attack that hit the NHS and organisations across the globe. The health service faces a weekend of chaos after the unprecedented attack forced hospitals to
WannaCry ransomware attack - Wikipedia
 archived from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WannaCry_ransomware_attack
Top NSA Whistleblower: Ransomware Hack Caused by “Swindle of the Taxpayers” by Intelligence Agencies (George Washington/zero hedge)
George Washington / zero hedgeTop NSA Whistleblower: Ransomware Hack Caused by “Swindle of the Taxpayers” by Intelligence Agencies - What should we make of the global ransomware attacks which happened today? Weve documented that the intelligence services 
How to shoot on iPhone 7 | Hacker News
 archived from https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14320701
Warm, wet, mysterious... sound familiar? Ah, yes, you've heard of this second Neptune, too
Boffins share findings of strange alien world 440 light years away A strange, distant planet HAT-P-26b has an atmosphere full of water vapor, hydrogen and helium – and could change how scientists think of planet formation.…
Samsung Z4 with Tizen 3.0 launched, to be available in India this month
Samsung Z4 with Tizen 3.0 launched, to be available in India this month
Massive ransomware attacks target organizations around the world
Kaspersky Lab has recorded more than 45,000 attacks in 74 countries in the past 10 hours. The ransomware, called "WannaCry" has data encrypted with the extension ".WCRY"
IT’s Over: Wikileaks Nukes the Trump-Russia Story From Orbit, Leaves Only Planetary Debris
#FakeNews media, quarterbacked by CNN, continue to market the "Russia hacked the election" meme, 24x7.
'Massive ransomware attack' hits companies, hospitals, schools worldwide
 A global cyber attack leveraging hacking tools believed to have been developed by the US National Security Agency has infected tens of thousands of computers in nearly 100 countries, disrupting Britain's health system and global shipper FedEx.
Apply for 34 affordable units in Long Island City’s new Watermark tower, from $908/month
While all of Long Island City seems to be undergoing development, one block in particular, Purves Street, remains the neighborhood’s most concentrated construction hub. Applications open Monday for 34 affordable units in one of these new builds, Watermark
/pol/ - NHS ransomware virus
 archived from https://8ch.net/pol/res/9901904.html
Worldwide Ransomware Attacks
Last post by: aMUSEd (13 May 00:19):
Russian-linked cyber gang blamed for NHS computer hack
A cyber gang with possible links to Russia is being blamed for the extraordinary worldwide computer security breach - possibly in retaliation for US airstrikes on Syria
Samsung Z4 with Tizen OS 3.0 announced, India launch soon: Price, specifications and features
 Samsung hasn’t given up on its Tizen OS yet, and the latest smartphone running on the operating system is the Z4.   In the world of smartphones dominated by Android and iOS platforms, Samsung has been pushing its own Tizen operating system over the past 
Massive Ransomware Wave Hits Banks, Hospitals
A massive ransomware attack has spread across at least 74 countries, hitting the IT systems of banks, telephone companies and hospitals and holding affected computers hostage for $300 in Bit
‘Shadow Brokers’ use stolen spyware to unleash dark deeds
The ransomware worm crippling tens of thousands of computers worldwide was unleashed by the "Shadow Brokers" - hackers who somehow got hold of NSA spyware reportedly designed to th
Global cyberattack: Full list of countries affected by ransomware campaign
The cyberattack is being termed the deadliest and most widespread ever.
Lebanon: 'Israel is responsible for hacking the communications network during Nasrallah's speech'
The Lebanese Ministry of Communications accused Israel of hacking into the country's media network during a speech by Hezbollah Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah on Thursday, saying that some 10,000 Lebanese citizens received calls and messages durin
Fraud & Identity Today Week in Review: FASG, Barclays, iconectiv, PACE
The Fraud & Identity Today week in review is a recap of all the top stories making headlines in the mobile fraud space this past week.
WikiLeaks Offering $100,000 For Donald Trump's 'Comey Tapes'
 WikiLeaks Offering $100,000 For Donald Trump's 'Comey Tapes'WikiLeaks Offering 0,000 For Donald Trump's 'Comey Tapes'       WikiLeaks is Offering 0,000 For the alleged &ldquo;Comey tapes&rdquo; &mdash; the recordings that Donald Trump has hinted he might
Huge ransomware cyber-attack on almost 100 countries worldwide
The attack on UK’s National Health Service (NHS) system  locked staff out of their computers
WannaCry Ransomware Hits Norway
Hospitals and organizations in more than 70 countries were exposed to a cyber attack on Friday. The hackers demand ransom. Norway has been affected by the biggest cyber attack in history.  from http://www.tnp.no/norway/panorama/5500-norwegian-national-sec
Global ransomware attacks prompt national 'WannaCry' alert from CyberSecurity Malaysia
"We are continuing to monitor the situation closely," CyberSecurity Malaysia CEO Dato' Dr Amirudin Abdul Wahab confirmed to Computerworld Malaysia.
Massive ransomware software infection hits computers in Europe and Russia
 Massive ransomware software infection hits computers in Europe and Russia  Massive ransomware software infection hits computers in Europe and Russia today Puthiyathalaimurai Tv News ,Massive ransomware software infection hits computers in Europe and Russ
Federal Cyber Security Market In United State Will Grow At A CAGR Of 8.3% From 2016 - 2020
 Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on "Federal Cyber Security Market In United State Will Grow At A CAGR Of 8.3% From 2016 - 2020" to its huge collection of research reports. Cyber security solutions enable the US federal government to maintain
Baijiu malware preys on heightened interest in North Korea
Researchers said the complex malware has managed to evade nearly every antivirus solution.
Stolen NSA spy weapon used in global 'ransomware' attacks
Cyber criminals have exploited spy tools stolen from the US National Security Agency (NSA) to launch a massive “ransomware” attack in nearly 100 countries around the world, security researchers say. In mid-April, an arsenal of powerful hacking tools appar
DHS aware of ongoing ransomware attacks affecting global entities
DHS aware of ongoing ransomware attacks affecting global entities
Stolen NSA code holds the NHS to ransom in global cyber hack
Here’s what happened
Narrowband Internet-of-Things (IoT) Chipset Market – Capable Of Connecting Devices Easily And More Efficiently In Recognized Mobile Networks
Global Narrowband Internet-of-Things (IoT) Chipset Market: Overview Also known as LTE Cat M1, narrowband IoT is a low power wide area (Lpwan) network technology that can be deployed across a variety of smart devices such as smart meters. Narrowband IoT is
#AceNewsReport Don’t cry, install antivirus, and other 5 tips to protect yourself from ransomware as #WCry #WanaCrypt0r #WannaCry… http://ift.tt/2pusuHO #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
Don't cry, install antivirus, and other 5 tips to protect yourself from ransomware as #WCry #WanaCrypt0r #WannaCry https://t.co/X09CVLSCBp http://pic.twitter.com/o5L86h9DWr — RT (@RT_com) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js #AceNewsDeskFiled un
#AceNewsReport NHS cyber attack: News & updates as ‘biggest ever ransomware offensive’ hits 99 countries https://t.co/N5HqlpnbVW http://ift.tt/2raDerj
NHS cyber attack: News & updates as 'biggest ever ransomware offensive' hits 99 countries https://t.co/N5HqlpnbVW http://pic.twitter.com/Both65wd0f — Daily Express (@Daily_Express) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: New
Internet of Things (IoT) Security Products Market To Expand At A CAGR Of 16.5% by 2020
 According to a new market report published by Future Market Insights “Internet of Things (IoT) Security Products Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2015 - 2020,” the global IoT security products market was valued at US$ 7.8 Bn i
Samsung outs Tizen-running Z4, bringing it to India soon
When not launching dozens of phones running Android, Samsung occasionally decides to debut handsets that are powered by its own Tizen OS. The Z4 is one of them, a low-cost offering that’s meant for first-time smartphone users in countries like India. Sams
BIGGEST RANSOMWARE OUTBREAK EVER...
<div><br /> <div><br /> <br><br /> <tt><font color="black" size="3"><b><u>BIGGEST RANSOMWARE OUTBREAK EVER...</u></b></font></tt><br /> <br><br /> <br><br /> <br><br /> <font face="Arial" size="1"><i>(Top headline, 1st story, <a href="https://theintercept
Hackers launch massive, global ransomware cyber attack
At least 16 U.K. hospitals were hit and more than 75,000 computers were affected worldwide, and a local tech expert says this is one unlike most of the attacks he's seen.
WannaCry 2.0 Ransomware #WannaCry
A very quick behavioural analysis of WannaCry / wanacry 2.0 / wanacrypt0r ransomware. Filmed in one take with a view to show how to really quickly analyse a sample, dump some network indicator strings and show the persistence mechanisms of the sample. MD5
‘Accidental hero’ finds kill switch to stop spread of ransomware cyber-attack
 Spread of malware curtailed by expert who simply registered a domain name for a few dollars, giving many across world time to protect against attack.  Read more 
How to Protect Yourself as Ransomware Attack Spreads Around the Globe
Consumer Reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this website. Hospitals and other healthcare providers across England were forced to cancel countless appointments and divert ambulanc...
Mocana CEO and CTO to Speak about Cybersecurity and Making IoT Devices Trustworthy at IoT World 2017
Expo Attendees Will Discover How Mocana's IoT Security Platform is Used to Make Critical Devices and Infrastructure Trustworthy SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - May 12, 2017) - Mocana Corporation, a leading provider of mission-critical IoT security solut
Ransomware cyber strike 'biggest in history'
Sky News - Countries from Spain to Taiwan are reported to have been hit, with Russia seeing its ministries and biggest bank targeted.
India among 99 countries targeted by massive ransomware cyberattack that is spreading aggressively
WanaCrypt0r 2.0 (aka WannaCry or WCry), which is linked to stolen "cyber weapons" of the US government, is spreading aggressively with 75,000 detections made so far.
RT @TechCrunch: Ransomware based on leaked NSA tools spreads to dozens of countries https://t.co/EwwPTIFAk1
Ransomware based on leaked NSA tools spreads to dozens of countries https://t.co/EwwPTIFAk1 — TechCrunch (@TechCrunch) May 13, 2017  via Twitter https://twitter.com/sixtus  May 13, 2017 at 07:46AM
How the global WannaCry ransomware attacks were culled by this 'accidental hero'
The ransomware was linked to NSA exploits leaked by the Shadow Brokers hacker group in April.
US security officials meet to discuss global cyberattack using leaked NSA tools. Las Vegas Blog
  Senior U.S. intelligence authorities from various government agencies met late today to see what, if anything, they could do to stop the sophisticated global cyberattack using leaked NSA tools in that is spreading across the globe, a senior U.S. officia
SnoopWall Consumer Advisory: Stopping WannaCry - the Global RansomWorm Malware Epidemic
...Phi Beta Cyber Society ( http://cybersecurityventures.com/phi-beta-cyber/ ), an organization dedicated to helping high school students become cyber security professionals and ethical hackers. He founded and remains the Executive Producer of Cyber Defen
US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot
Trump has been doing his homework! The US Navy is having difficulties with its latest aircraft carrier's Electromagnetic Aircraft Launching System (EMALS) – the same system which the UK mooted fitting to its new Queen Elizabeth-class carriers. The US Depa
74 countries hit by NSA-powered WannaCrypt ransomware backdoor – The Register
 The Register  74 countries hit by NSA-powered WannaCrypt ransomware backdoorThe RegisterAnalysis The WannaCrypt ransomware worm, aka WanaCrypt or Wcry, today exploded across 74 countries, infecting hospitals, businesses including Fedex, universities, at 
Ransomware havoc: What experts are saying about the deadliest cyberattack across 99 countries
One expert blames the US intelligence agencies for failing to defend their systems in the first place.
75,000 ransomware attacks hit 99 countries on Friday
There have been 75,000 ransomware attacks in 99 countries on Friday. Ransomeware attacks have been targeting organisations across the world. A majority of the attacks targeted Russia, Ukraine and Taiwan. The ransomware locks down all the files on an
Majorca Daily Bulletin - ENGLISH HOSPITALS DIVERT AMBULANCES AFTER ‘RANSOMWARE’ CYBER ATTACK
 HOSPITALS and doctors’ surgeries across England were forced to turn away patients and cancel appointments yesterday after a nationwide ‘ransomware’ cyber attack crippled some computer systems in the state-run health service. The National Health Service (
[Elsewhere] "Worst-Ever Recorded" Ransomware Attack Strikes Over 57,000 Users Worldwide, Usi...
"Worst-Ever Recorded" Ransomware Attack Strikes Over 57,000 Users Worldwide, Using NSA-Leaked Tools Zero Hedge May 12, 2017 1:52 PM zerohedge.com Kaspersky Lab provides many details: WannaCry ransomware used in widespread attacks all over the world Global
The Russian Hacking Fiasco – OpEd
There’s no proof that Russia hacked the US elections. There’s no proof that Russian officials or Russian agents colluded with members of the Trump campaign. There’s no proof that Russia provided material support of any kind for the Trump campaign or that 
Malware affecting NHS England now spreading across Europe, Asia
Tri County Sun Times - Malware affecting NHS England now spreading across Europe, Asia             Reuters says "hospitals across England reported the cyber attack was causing huge problems to their services and the public in areas affected were being adv
1 – Animated Map of How Tens of Thousands of Computers Were Infected with Ransomware
By 1wheel 1 point, 0 comments Read more here: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/05/12/world/europe/wannacry-ransomware-map.html The post 1 – Animated Map of How Tens of Thousands of Computers Were Infected with Ransomware appeared first on Explodin
Hacking tool was likely stolen from NSA: Expert on cyber attack
Hacking tool was likely stolen from NSA: Expert on cyber attack
Video: Ransomware virus ‘WannaCry’ plagues 100k computers across 99 countries
A major so-called 'ransomware' attack is underway worldwide, with more than 100 thousand attacks, according to the latest reports. This map shows where the … Via Youtube
Microsoft Releases Patch for Older Windows Versions to Protect Against Wana Decrypt0r
Following the massive Wana Decrypt0r ransomware outbreak from yesterday afternoon, Microsoft has released an out-of-bound patch for older operating systems to protect them against Wana Decrypt0r's self-spreading mechanism. [...]
Global Cyberattack in Brief: Ransomware Attack, How Does It Work, How to Prevent It
In what is believed to be the largest attack of its kind ever recorded, a cyberextortion attack struck in dozens of countries Friday, locking up computers and holding users’ files for ransom at dozens of hospitals, companies and government agencies. Massi
pokerpunk: Maybe they got hit by that Ransomware?
pokerpunk
Kill switch slowly stops the spread of deadly ransomware
A security researcher may have helped stop the spread of the ransomware, which hit tens of thousands of PCs worldwide
GLOBALES: Hospitals turn away patients after 'ransomware' attack on UK health services
Reuters / LONDON Hospitals and doctors' surgeries across Britain were forced to divert ambulances, turn away patients and cancel appointments on Friday after a 'ransomware' cyber attack crippled some computer systems...
GLOBALES: FedEx reports malware interference in global cyberattack: statement
Reuters / WASHINGTON FedEx said on Friday it was experiencing issues with some of its Microsoft Corp Windows systems in relation to a global cyber attack that had disrupted hospitals in...
GLOBALES: English hospitals divert ambulances after 'ransomware' cyber attack
Reuters / LONDON Hospitals and doctors' surgeries across England were forced to turn away patients and cancel appointments on Friday after a nationwide 'ransomware' cyber attack crippled some computer systems in...
Trump threatens Comey over leaked account of White House dinner
The obvious attempt to intimidate Comey has emboldened those claiming that Trump’s firing of the FBI director is an obstruction of justice.
Worldwide ransomware attack linked to hacked NSA cyberwarfare arsenal
The outbreak is connected to the public release in April by the hacking group calling itself Shadow Brokers of a trove of NSA and CIA cyberwarfare documents and computer code.
Qatar faced 93,570 phishing attacks in first quarter of 2017
Qatar had faced a total of 93,570 phishing attacks in the first quarter of 2017, from January 1 to March 31, a cyber security expert has revealed.
Cyber attack crisis 'isn't over': Warning from researcher who found ransomware 'kill switch' (Telegraph (UK))
Cyber attack crisis 'isn't over': Warning from researcher who found ransomware 'kill switch' (Telegraph (UK))
Leaked NSA exploit blamed for global ransomware cyberattack
‘A zero-day vulnerability tool, covertly exploited by US intelligence agencies and exposed by the Shadow Brokers hacking group has been blamed for the massive spread of malware that infected tens of thousands of computer systems globally. The ransomware v
It Spreads: FedEx Confirms It Has Also Been Hit With RansomWare Attack: “Implementing Remediation Steps As Quickly As Possible”
 shtfplan.com / Mac Slavo / May 12th, 2017 The NSA-linked ransomware attack spreading across the globe and now affecting at least 57,000 individual systems according to Kasperky Labs has reached global shipping giant FedEx. The company confirmed the attac
Gun crime incident reviews as a strategy for enhancing problem solving and information sharing - Hipple NK, McGarrell EF, O’Brien M, Huebner BM.
Over the last several decades, police departments and other criminal justice agencies have seen a shift toward a proactive problem-solving response to crime problems. This problem-solving orientation has often included an emphasis on expanded partnerships
Govt agencies, critical infrastructure in Singapore not affected by global ransomware attacks
SINGAPORE: No Government agencies or critical information infrastructure (CII) in Singapore were affected by the global hacking attacks that started from Friday night (May 12), the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore (CSA) said on Saturday (May 13).  The S
NZ battens down the hatches as global ransomware attack spreads
“Biggest ransomware outbreak in history” hits 99 countries across four continents.
MR ROBOT NHS Cyber Attack Hack - Why Israel, NSA, CIA and GCHQ are Culpable
Article posted at The Market Oracle http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article59026.html
'International Attack': 'Ransomware' Cripples Computers Worldwide
Hackers unleashed an attack that disabled computers in dozens of nations Friday using a software flaw that once was part of the National Security Agency's surveillance tool kit.
Businesses Blame Rivals for DDoS Attacks& The Importance of Cloud WAF
More than 40% of businesses hit by a DDoS attack believe their competitors were behind it, according to research by Kaspersky Lab and B2B International. But is there truth behind this suspicion? In this expert e-guide, learn ]about the real culprits behin
Wana Decrypt0r Ransomware Outbreak Temporarily Stopped By "Accidental Hero"
A security researcher that goes online by the nickname of MalwareTech is the hero of the day, albeit an accidental one, after having saved countless of computers worldwide from a virulent form of ransomware called Wana Decrypt0r (also referenced as WCry, 
Mass ransomware attack may be using unpatched Microsoft SMB MS17-010 vulnerability
This vulnerability was discovered earlier this year and has been exploited by the NSA, according to a trove of documents dumped by the hacking group Shadow Brokers . The US security agency uses malware to exploit vulnerabilities in IT systems for conducti
Metin2 GLOBAL/PRIV- TRADE HACK (2017) v1.1
 Download: http://adf.ly/6708644/tradehack 
Ransomware 'WannaCry' attack explained
A ransomware attack targeting organizations, businesses and hospitals is spreading across about 100 countries.   
Wana Decryptor Ransomware Using NSA Exploit Leaked By Shadow Brokers To Spread Ransomware Worldwide [Update]
msm1267 quotes a report from Threatpost: A ransomware attack running rampant through Europe today is spreading via an exploit leaked in the most recent Shadow Brokers dump. Researchers said the attackers behind today's outbreak of WannaCry ransomware are 
Hospitals in England hit by 'large-scale ransomware' attack
Hospitals in the UK were crippled by a "large-scale" cyberattack on Friday that forced operations to be canceled and ambulances to be diverted.
NHS cyber-attack: GPs and hospitals hit by ransomware
Ambulances are diverted and appointments cancelled as a ransomware infects NHS computers.
Taiwanese PC users report malware attacks
(ChinaPost.com.tw) - Taiwan reportedly is among the worst-hit countries in a massive cyberattack, but the extent of damage inflicted here by the ransomware, WannaCry, remained uncertain as of Saturday.
The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here
It's not just British hospitals. A nasty strain of ransomware is sweeping the world. The post The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here appeared first on WIRED.
Cybersecurity researcher @MalwareTechBlog accidentally finds kill switch to stop spread of WannaCry malware by registering domain hardcoded into malware (Olivia Solon/The Guardian)
Olivia Solon / The Guardian:Cybersecurity researcher @MalwareTechBlog accidentally finds kill switch to stop spread of WannaCry malware by registering domain hardcoded into malware Move by @malwaretechblog came too late to help those in Europe and Asia, b
Hackers are using EternalBlue vulnerability discovered by NSA and an exploit released by Shadow Brokers to infect unpatched Windows computers with WannaCry (Lily Hay Newman/Wired)
Lily Hay Newman / Wired:Hackers are using EternalBlue vulnerability discovered by NSA and an exploit released by Shadow Brokers to infect unpatched Windows computers with WannaCry A new strain of ransomware has spread quickly all over the world, causing c
Google tightens its review process for web apps that request user data following Google Docs phishing attacks (Rob LeFebvre/Engadget)
Rob LeFebvre / Engadget:Google tightens its review process for web apps that request user data following Google Docs phishing attacks In the wake of the Google Docs phishing debacle last week, Google has added a few new safeguards to better protect us fro
WannaCry Ransomware That's Hitting World Right Now Uses NSA Windows Exploit
Earlier today, a massive ransomware campaign hit computer systems of hundreds of private companies and public organizations across the globe ' which is believed to be the most massive ransomware delivery campaign to date.The Ransomware in question has bee
Google is beefing up its web app review process to prevent another phishing attack
Google is beefing up its web app review process to prevent another phishing attack
An NSA-derived ransomware worm is shutting down computers worldwide
A highly virulent new strain of self-replicating ransomware is shutting down computers all over the world, in part by appropriating a National Security Agency exploit that was publicly released last month by the mysterious group calling itself Shadow Brok
Taiwan among world's top targets in massive ransomware attack
Russia, Ukraine, and Taiwan were the worst hit by the attacks.Over 2 million ransomware attacks have been detected in Taiwan in the first half of 2016
Real-Time Malware Attack Map
zerohedge.com / by Tyler Durden / May 12, 2017 5:43 PM As the massive ransomware attacks spreads across the globe, Intel's interactive map below tracks every malware event worldwide in real-time… (click image for link to interactive real-time map) READ MO
NHS Hospitals Are Running Thousands of Computers on Unsupported Windows XP
VICE - According to Freedom of Information Act requests, plenty of English hospitals haven't yet switched to a more up to date operating system.
RANSOMWARE: Why is not MICROSOFT working together with the nsa?
RANSOMWARE: Why is not MICROSOFT working together with the nsa?
Which successful/reputable cryptocurrency suffered the most losses in the last ddos attacks?
Which successful/reputable cryptocurrency suffered the most losses in the last ddos attacks? http://ift.tt/2qflqMu Filed under: CryptoCurrency  
Samsung Z4 Tizen Smartphone Launched
We know that Samsung has been playing both sides of the mobile operating system scene, with the bulk of Samsung's mobile efforts focusing on Google […] Read the original post by Ubergizmo    
NHS Ransomware Cyber Attack Spreads Worldwide – The Telegraph
disobedientmedia.com / by Henry Bodkin and Barney Henderson of The Telegraph / May 12, 2017 A huge cyber attack leveraging hacking tools widely believed to have been developed by the US National Security Agency brought disruption to Britain’s health syste
Saturday, May 13th., 2017 HP Laptops Discovered To Be Spying On Users With Keylogger
Saturday, May 13th., 2017 HP Laptops Discovered To Be Spying On Users With Keylogger
From Doug Ross: IT’S OVER: Wikileaks nukes the Trump-Russia story from orbit, leaves only planetary debris
We have another Alderaan. Doug Ross explains: IT’S OVER: Wikileaks nukes the Trump-Russia story from orbit, leaves only planetary debris.
Ransomware Attack Hits NHS and Thousands More Companies | WIRED
 archived from https://www.wired.com/2017/05/ransomware-meltdown-experts-warned/?mbid=social_twitter
An NSA Cyber Weapon Might Be Behind A Massive Global Ransomware Outbreak (Forbes)
An NSA Cyber Weapon Might Be Behind A Massive Global Ransomware Outbreak (Forbes)
Former FireEye Chief David DeWalt Joins Cyber Investment Firm Allegis Capital (SecurityWeek)
Former FireEye Chief David DeWalt Joins Cyber Investment Firm Allegis Capital (SecurityWeek)
Alarm Grows Over Global Ransomware Attacks (SecurityWeek)
Alarm Grows Over Global Ransomware Attacks (SecurityWeek)
Wana Decryptor Ransomware (Virus Removal)
Wana Decryptor or also known as WanaCrypt0r, WannaCry, WCry, and WNCry is a virus that refrain victims from opening or accessing their files. Cyber crook insist that they have to pay first the amount demanded if they want to bring their files back. The po
Massive cyber attack raises concerns about disclosure of US vulnerability
A global cyber attack fueled concerns that the US intelligence services often hoarder software vulnerabilities due to offensive goals, rather than notifying firms to such flaws.
State IT Officials Talk ‘WannaCry’ Ransomware Attack That Disrupted Critical Services Worldwide – Government Technology
 Government Technology  State IT Officials Talk 'WannaCry' Ransomware Attack That Disrupted Critical Services WorldwideGovernment TechnologyDozens of countries are still reeling from the after-effects of a May 12 ransomware attack targeting public and pri
Ca: Children solely affected by OHIP privacy breach
Johanna Weidner reports: Personal information for thousands of children was mailed to strangers in an OHIP privacy breach. The province confirmed Thursday that all the incorrectly printed health card renewal notices it mailed belonged to children who have
Malware that hit UK hospitals spreading across Asia, Europe
A pop-up message on computers tells users that they can recover files but only if they send $300 of bitcoin to a specific address. Reported by Rediff.com 15 minutes ago.
Huge Cyber Attack Plunges NHS Into Chaos, ‘Ransomware’ Brings Down IT Systems
from DAHBOO77:  
DLT Working to Correct Error Affecting Payments to TDI Customers Trying to Use New Electronic Payment Card
CRANSTON, RI — Over 3,000 Unemployment Insurance (UI) and Temporary Disability Insurance (TDI) customers have activated a new electronic
MS17-010 WannaCry RansomWare Patching for SiteCore Web Clusters May 12, 2017 18:00:00 – 22:00:00
A heightened security threat called WannaCry, which has become a global ransomware attack that has impacted a number of major organizations including National Health Service (NHS) England and Telfonica. Applying patch for windows servers will address the 
Ransomware attack using Windows flaw known to US spies
A huge ransomware attack hitting dozens of countries has brought Britain's National Health Service to a near standstill and paralyzed businesses from Madrid to Moscow, reports indicate. The perpetrators are unknown but it is emerging that the attack was p
Gemalto finalizes acquisition of 3M's Identity Management Business
*New Delhi [India], May 3 (ANI): Gemalto on Wednesday announced the closing of the acquisition of 3M's Identity Management Business after approval by the relevant regulatory and antitrust authorities.* Reported by ANI News 2 hours ago.
The Sims Mobile Apk Mod (Unlimited Money)
 Download Links : http://adf.ly/1mXFjQ Download Links : http://adf.ly/1mXFjk 
Scores of countries hit by cyber attack using stolen tools from National Security Agency of US
Scores of countries and several multinational companies were hit by a massive cyber attack which experts said was carried out with the help of tools stolen from the National Security Agency of the United States. The post Scores of countries hit by cyber a
Walnut Place notifies patients of ransomware attack
From their press release: On March 13, 2017, LCS-WP LLC d/b/a Walnut Place ("Walnut Place") leadership discovered that some of its systems had been infected with ransomware (a type of computer malware that encrypts files). Walnut Place's investigation has
ski32.zip - Jotti's malware scan
 archived from https://virusscan.jotti.org/en-US/filescanjob/3w1t19kgaj
Boris Johnson warns Russia could hack our General Election after French and US campaigns were targeted
RUSSIAN attempts to hack our General Election are a realistic possibility, Boris Johnson warned last night. The Foreign Secretary said Vladimir Putin was to blame for cyber attacks on the US and French elections in an effort to undermine faith in democrac
Factbox: Don't click – What is the 'ransomware' WannaCry worm?
… of a global outbreak that has affected tens of thousands of computers. What is WannaCry – also known as WanaCrypt0r 2.0, WannaCry and WCry? Google Alert – us outbreak 
UnBankable Business Owners Get Funding Working Capital Funding! + More Information: Hackers exploit stolen NSA tool to launch global cyberattack + MORE 05/12/2017
 Working Capital For Cash Flow – Find More Info Here!  Call: 904-551-6090 There are a a number of advantages of businesses using cash flow advances as in contrasted to regular bank loans. These are easily available to most businesses and a business need n
DESCARGA CLASH OF CLANS HACK PARA ANDROID & IOS APK
 How to hack clash of clans (Hack Everything) 2017 
"WannaCry Ransomware Threat : What we know so far - WEBCAST slides"
&nbsp; &nbsp; The WannaCry ransomware worm is unprecedented for two reasons. First, it's a ransomware worm. Second, it appears to be using a recently patched exploit that was stolen from NSA to propagate. Jake Williams' firm, Rendition Infosec, has been t
Carlyle Group Gains, MHCV Dips, Broader Markets Mixed, Ransomware Attack Hits 99 Countries
Noteworthy headlines on CNNMoney – Massive ransomware attack hits 99 countries. Department stores have lost more jobs than coal mines. Trump again suggests ending daily White House briefings. Now robots can teach other robots. Some bullets from Fox Busine
FBI Gives Hollywood Hacking Victims Surprising Advice: “Pay the Ransom” | Hollywood Reporter
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/fbi-gives-hollywood-hacking-victims-surprising-advice-pay-ransom-1001515 
‘nhs cyber attack used us government software leaked by wikileaks’..
  (excerpt..) The ransomware that is wreaking havoc on NHS computers is believed to be using an NSA cyber-weapon leaked in WikiLeaks' Vault 7 release earlier this year. Malware called Wanna Detector is preventing hospital staff from accessing medical reco
McMaster taking steps to protect its networks against WannaCry ransomware
McMaster taking steps to protect its networks against WannaCry ransomware
Hackers Leverage Stolen NSA Tool to Wreak Havoc Worldwide
WannaCry has the ability to automatically spread across large networks by exploiting a known bug (MS17-010) in Microsoft Windows.
Defeating Cross-site Scripting with Content Security Policy
Defeating Cross-site Scripting with Content Security Policy
WikiLeaks Offers “US$100k For The Trump-Comey Tapes”
 WikiLeaks offers US$100k for the Trump-Comey tapes. To increase the reward send Bitcoin to reward address: 1FfzC3KrbrJ3CRbz4hqHnxSqvYfy9M5CT pic.twitter.com/CJInYx4fcw — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) May 12, 2017  zerohedge.com / by Tyler Durden / May 12, 2017 
Fresh credit union scandal as €400,000 stolen from accounts
Gardai are investigating the theft of €400,000 from a Co Cork credit union. Fermoy-based Synergy Credit Union insists all the money taken from members' accounts has been returned, and the person responsible for the theft is co-operating with an investigat
Hackers Hit Dozens of Countries Exploiting Stolen NSA Tool – New York Times
 New York Times  Hackers Hit Dozens of Countries Exploiting Stolen NSA ToolNew York TimesAmbulance staff at a National Health Service hospital in London on Friday. Several hospitals across Britain were hit by a large-scale cyberattack, causing failures to
Telefonica : UK - Massive ‘ransomware’ cyberattack reported in dozens of countries
(4-traders.com) A massive cyberattack that first grabbed media attention after several British hospitals reported computer problems has now affected public and private institutions in more than 70 countries, according to security experts. The attack affec
Malware and ransomware explained
With a cyber attack crippling computers across the globe, here's a look at how malware and ransomware work and what people can do to prevent being infected. Reported by SBS 27 minutes ago.
Ransomware virus plagues 75k computers across 99 countries
– Ransomware virus plagues 75k computers across 99 countries H/t reader squodgy: "Now, this is serious, and could be a ruse by Bankster/Deep State to destroy Bitcoin etc, over which they currently have no control. The banksters have been increasingly frus
Ransomware Attacks Hit Computer Systems In Dozens Of Countries
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Global ransomware attack shows why Apple refused to hack terrorist's iPhone - Los Angeles Times
 Los Angeles Times   Global ransomware attack shows why Apple refused to hack terrorist's iPhone Los Angeles Times Law enforcement agencies may want a way into highly secure gadgets and apps to further their investigations — such as when the FBI pressed A
UK : Ministers must act to counter malware attack on hospitals, says UNISON
Source: UNISON
(VIDEO Review) Viking Security Safe VS-50BLX fingerpirnt biometric safe
(VIDEO Review) Viking Security Safe VS-50BLX fingerpirnt biometric safe
HP rolls out patch to fix keylogging bug in certain laptops
 Consumers with HP laptops that have been accidentally recording their keystrokes can easily address the problem with a patch from the PC maker. More than two dozen HP laptop models, including the EliteBook, ProBook and ZBook, have an bug in the audio dri
OpenStack Cloud Security Moves Forward
At the OpenStack Summit Boston, security experts talked about cloud security misconceptions and what's working well in cloud security today. Read the original post by Evan Selleck    
Massive ransomware campaign spreading around the world like wildfire
Organizations around the world have been with the Wana Decrypt0r (aka WannaCry) ransomware, in what seems to be the most massive ransomware delivery campaign to date. Boom, we have insight!#WannaCrypt pic.twitter.com/Tji2e1D6sK — MalwareTech (@Malwa
One for the history books: 2016's year in DDoS attacks
While 2016 certainly seemed to be one bad news item after the other, the year might not have been as dire as everyone thought. On the good news front, researchers made huge strides in precision treatments for cancer and prevention methods for Alzheimer’s,
Wikileaks offers $100,000 bounty on the Trump-Comey tape [Obvious]
   [link] [20 comments] 
​Australia on the edge as ransomware attacks ravage the world
“Biggest ransomware outbreak in history” hits 99 countries across four continents.
Police: 3 arrested for passing counterfeit bills in Virginia
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va.    (AP) -- A 19-year-old man and two juveniles have been arrested after authorities say they used counterfeit money to purchase merchandise online....
74 countries hit by NSA-powered WannaCrypt ransomware backdoor
Reported by The Register 1 hour ago.
Massive Ransomware Attack "WannaCry" Goes Global - Huge
The ransomware has been identifed as WannaCry"Worst-Ever Recorded" Ransomware Attack Strikes Over...
Former Administrative Law Judge Pleads Guilty for Role in $550 Million Social Security Disability Fraud Scheme
A former administrative law judge for the Social Security Administration (SSA) pleaded guilty in federal court today for his role in a scheme to fraudulently obtain more than $550 million in federal disability payments from the SSA for thousands of claima
Whistleblower's Wiretapping FCA Suit Appealed To High Court
A former federal prosecutor-turned-whistleblower who accused telecom companies of overbilling the government for wiretapping services urged the U.S. Supreme Court to take up his appeal, arguing a circuit split over the ability of government employees to s
Hackers Exploit Stolen U.S. Spy Agency Tool to Launch Global Cyberattack
By Costas Pitas and Carlos Ruano LONDON/MADRID (Reuters) – A global cyberattack leveraging hacking tools widely believed by researchers to have been developed by the U.S. National Security Agency hit international shipper FedEx, disrupted Britain's health
Command and Control...This video explains how close we came to a nuclear disaster
Watch this video...It will explain just how close our country came to a nuclear disaster.  http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperien...d-control/
Hospitals in Greater Manchester hit by ‘ransomware’ cyber attack on NHS
GP practices and hospitals in the region were among organisations across the world ‘held ransom’ by the hackers
Massive worldwide ransomware attack hits more than 75,000 victims, and climbing
Digital Trends - Cybersecurity firm Avast reported on a massive ransomware attack that has hit more than 75,000 victims in 99 countries. While most of the targets were located in Russia, Ukraine, and Taiwan, other victims have been identified in Europe.
FedEx 'Experiencing Interference' With Some Windows-Based Systems Due to Malware
FedEx, a multinational courier delivery services company, has claimed it experienced issues with its Windows-based systems due to malware in the wake of reports of the global cyber attack that affected institutions in 74 countries around the world.
Ransomware Shows Devastating Potential With Disruptive Global Attack
Global attack showed that ransomare isn't just a niche type of malware anymore that affects some random users or institutions. The attacks can now spread like wildfire across organizations, representing a risk for anyone with a computer or network
#AceNewsReport Leaked NSA exploit blamed for #WannaCry global ransomware cyberattack #WanaCrypt0r #WCry http://ift.tt/2pHnACt #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
Leaked NSA exploit blamed for #WannaCry global ransomware cyberattack #WanaCrypt0r #WCry https://t.co/KwuBdpA92T — RT (@RT_com) May 13, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js #AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged: #AceNewsDesk The posts and article
Mobile wallet company Mobikwik to invest Rs 500 cr in India on merchant, user acquisitions
 Mobile wallet company Mobikwik to invest Rs 500 cr in India on merchant, user acquisitions Mobile wallet company Mobikwik to invest Rs 500 cr in India on merchant, user acquisitions Mobile wallet company Mobikwik is planning to invest more than `500 cror
HK Warehouse Blackview P2 Lite Smartphone - Octa Core CPU, 3GB RAM, Fingerprint Scanner, 6000mAh Battery, OTG, Android 7.0(Grey)
 The Blackview P2 Lite samrtphone has an Android 7 OS, 13MP camera, and 6000mAh battery, it is powered by an octa core CPU and 3GB RAM all for under $150
Counterfeit $100 bills leads to charges against S. Abington Twp. woman
DICKSON CITY — A multi-municipality shopping spree involving counterfeit $100 bills led to charges against a South Abington Twp. woman Thursday.
Hackers exploit stolen U.S. spy agency tool to launch global cyberattack
MailOnline logo
Factbox: Don't Click - What Is The 'Ransomware' WannaCry Worm?
Malicious software called 'ransomware' has forced British hospitals to turn away patients and affected Spanish companies such as Telefonica as part of a global outbreak that has affected tens of thousands of computers. 
How to Protect Against Ransomware
How to Protect Against Ransomware
FBI to Hollywood: Pay hackers' ransoms
FBI to Hollywood: Pay hackers' ransoms
Hospitals Need to Be Prepared for Ransomware Attacks
Medical information a vulnerable target for those planning ransomware attacks, doctor warns
Telefonica, other Spanish firms hit in “ransomware” attack
 Spain said on Friday a large number of companies, including telecommunications giant Telefonica (TEF.MC), had been infected with malicious software known as "ransomware" which locks up computers and demands ransoms. http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-spain
Global ransomware attack reinforces Donald Trump's new cybersecurity order
One crucial element that has been missing from American cybersecurity efforts is cyber-deterrence
Whoops: NSA Exploit Used In Massive Worldwide Randomware Cyberattack
It's been known for months now the NSA exploits released by the Shadow Brokers hacking group could be used to hack almost every pre-Windows 10 system which wasn't patched in March, yet our government and others did nothing. Sure enough, the inevit...
How a ransomware attack can affect emergency services
Tens of thousands of ransomware attacks are targeting organizations around the world on Friday. CNNTech's Laurie Segall reports.   
#AceNewsReport JUST IN: DHS on ongoing global ransomeware attacks: “Actively sharing information…stand ready to lend technical s… http://ift.tt/2qbd5LN #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
JUST IN: DHS on ongoing global ransomeware attacks: “Actively sharing information…stand ready to lend technical support and assistance." http://pic.twitter.com/SsBqatoOhw — ABC News (@ABC) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#ABC #AceNewsDeskFil
Animated Map of How Tens of Thousands of Computers Were Infected With Ransomware
A new strain of ransomware spread rapidly around the world on Friday.
Microsoft updates security tools to fight ransomware attack – The Hill
 The Hill  Microsoft updates security tools to fight ransomware attackThe HillMicrosoft successfully patched the security flaw that allowed the NSA tool – called EternalBlue – to function in March. Companies are sometimes slower then antivirus software to
Global ransomware attack affects emergency services (CNN)
Global ransomware attack affects emergency services (CNN)
The Real Lesson from the WannaCry Ransomware
Lawfare and others have spent an enormous amount of time discussing the intricacies of the Vulnerabilities Equities Process (VEP). Many policy conferences have been dedicated to the matter, and an even greater number of Twitter debates. The topic, in its 
Cyber attack: 'Biggest ransomware outbreak in history' hits more than 70 countries with data locked for ransom
A huge extortion cyber attack hits dozens of nations, holding computer data for ransom at hospitals, telecommunications firms and other companies.
Hackers Used Stolen NSA Tool To Conduct Global Cyberattacks
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Windows 10 Users Protected Against WannaCry Ransomware Attacks
 WannaCry is becoming the largest ransomware infection in history with attacks now expanding from Europe to the United States, but Microsoft says that users who are running a fully up-to-date Windows 10 system with Windows Defender running the latest viru
NSA exploit behind global ransomware attack
An exploit based on hacking tools stolen from the National Security Agency is behind a global ransomware attack affecting tens of thousands of computers.
Google is updating its web app review process to protect users from further phishing attacks
After last week's phishing attack, Google has decided to update its review process for web apps that request user data, even requiring a manual review depending on the new risk assessment process. Read more...
Re: The Death of Bitcoin - The Daily Reckoning
The ransomware circling the globe right now made me instantly think of this article. Perhaps it was released by the deep state to stop bitcoin. None the less, a lot of people are very unhappy right now with the Bitcoin demanding ransomware hackers. 
Lawyers say Wells Fargo may have opened millions more unauthorized accounts than disclosed
Lawyers representing aggrieved customers suing Wells Fargo have said the bank may have opened about 3.5 million unauthorized accounts, far more than bank and regulators disclosed last year.
Amazon's Alexa is worst receptionist ever: Crazy exes, stalkers' calls put through automatically
Ability to screen callers, block people Coming Soon™ Amazon's voice-controlled assistant Alexa and its Echo devices now sport the ability to take your phone calls – so long as you don't ever plan on ignoring calls from anyone.…
The Atlantic Daily: Ransomware and Recordings?
Atlantic - A wave of cyberattacks, why the Comey firing may be worse than Watergate, where Pixar lost its way, and more
NHS ransomware cyber attack: Full list of hospitals and surgeries affected
These are all the NHS trusts affected by the cyber attack
NHS ransomware cyber attack spreads worldwide
The NHS has been hit by a major cyber attack, with hackers demanding a ransom.
NHS cyber attack: What is Wanna Decryptor and how does it work?
Computer keyboard (PA)
U.K. NHS ransomware cyberattack spreads across the globe
            A ransonware attack on the National Health Service in the United Kingdom has spread into other countries, with hospital staff in the U.K. unable to access patient data, ambulances being diverted and patients planning on visiting some departmen
2017 U.S. Intelligence Community Worldwide Threat Assessment - Coats Testimony: Cyber Attacks, Islamic State, ISIS, ISIL, Counterintelligence, Syria, Nuclear Missiles, Russia, Iran, North Korea, China
By Progressive Management. Price: Free USD. Category: <a href="https://www.smashwords.com/books/category/4">Nonfiction</a> / <a href="https://www.smashwords.com/books/category/75">Politics and Current Affairs</a> / <a href="https://www.smashwords.com/book
On July 1, Australia Will Make Bitcoin Legal Money, 1622
from The Still Report:  
University targeted by ransomware attack
Cambridge University website targeted in cyber-attack amid reports of a global ransomware infection, KASIA RUSZKOWSKI reports.
NHS is Brought to its Knees in a Global Wave of Bitcoin Ransomware
05-12-2017 05:20 PM  &8230nThe post NHS is Brought to its Knees in a Global Wave of Bitcoin Ransomware appeared first on CryptoCoinsNews.n  Click here to read more...
What is the WannaCry ransomware cyber threat?
It started with U.K. hospitals and has since spread to over 14 countries – the WannaCry ransomware was holding millions of files hostage unless companies or governments pay up.
Automation will transform accountants' jobs in the next five years
Do you think automation will change your job in the next five years? Accountants seem to think so. Pretty much every accountant believes their work will be either partly or completely automated by 2022. A new report by FreeAgent says 96 percent of account
Massive Ransomware Outbreak Spreads to 74 Countries
Victims include FedEx, Spain's Telefonica, Russia's MegaFon, and the U.K.'s National Health Service.
U.S. Watched Russia Hack French Systems During Election
The United States watched Russians hack France's computer networks during the election and tipped off French officials before it became public, a U.S. cyber official revealed to the Senate.
Responding to WannaCry Ransomware Outbreak
As organizations worldwide rush to mitigate the outbreak of the WannaCry crypto-locking ransomware, Adam Meyers of CrowdStrike shares insights on what researchers have gleaned from the attacks and how organizations should respond.
Global ransomware attack shows why Apple wouldn't hack terrorist's iPhone for the FBI"
Global ransomware attack shows why Apple wouldn't hack terrorist's iPhone for the FBI"
IT SPREADS: FEDEX CONFIRMS IT HAS ALSO BEEN HIT WITH RANSOMWARE ATTACK: “IMPLEMENTING REMEDIATION STEPS AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE”
IT SPREADS: FEDEX CONFIRMS IT HAS ALSO BEEN HIT WITH RANSOMWARE ATTACK: “IMPLEMENTING REMEDIATION STEPS AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE”
Leaked NSA Hacking Tool Causing Chaos at Hospitals
Hospitals and more in 12 countries hit by major cyberattack
Russia’s Interior Ministry Prevents Leak of Internal Data Amid Huge Cyber Attack
Russia’s Interior Ministry said it had prevented leaks of internal data from its information resources in the wake of the massive cyber attack.
Massive Global Ransomware Attack
Jonathan J. Bollozos Jurisdiction: All FederalAll InternationalType of Law: Communications, Media & InternetGlobal
WannaCry Ransomware Cyberattack Spreading to Countries Across the World, 45K Attacks Reported So Far
  Security researchers are reporting a massive attack today, dubbed "WannaCry", which has reached 45,000 attacks in 74 countries around the world so far, mostly in Russia. Kaspersky Lab's Global Research & Analysis reports that the attack is initiated thr
'WannaCry' ransomware cyber attack causing havoc worldwide
A massive ransomware campaign, called 'Wanna Cry', appears to have infected a number of organisations around the world. Computers in thousands of locations, in more than 70 countries have apparently been locked by a program that demands the equivalent of 
Telefonica Succumbs to $600000 Bitcoin Ransomware Attack – CoinTelegraph
Telefonica Succumbs to $600000 Bitcoin Ransomware Attack – CoinTelegraph http://ift.tt/2pHwXDa Filed under: News  
Global ransomware attack shows why Apple wouldn't hack terrorist's iPhone for the FBI
Cybersecurity researchers said a malicious program that disabled computers at Britain's National Health Service, Russia's Interior Ministry and companies and homes across dozens of countries Friday originated with the National Security Agency. Earlier thi
More Wells Fargo fake accounts than bank disclosed, suit says
Lawyers suing Wells Fargo on behalf of aggrieved customers say the bank may have opened about 3.5 million unauthorized accounts, far more than the figure that bank and regulators disclosed last year. In a court filing late Thursday, lawyers representing c
Entendendo o ataque do ransomware WannaCry 2.0
Entendendo o ataque do ransomware WannaCry 2.0
F-Secure acquires Digital Assurance; to improve cyber security needs
New Delhi [India], May 11 (ANI): Cyber security company F-Secure on Thursday announced its acquiring Digital Assurance - a UK based security consultancy firm offering information security assessment services to governments and companies in the financial, 
RT @hackerfantastic: German train station hit with Ransomware attack. https://t.co/Ml14Eouhmk
German train station hit with Ransomware attack. https://t.co/Ml14Eouhmk — Hacker Fantastic (@hackerfantastic) May 12, 2017  via Twitter https://twitter.com/sixtus  May 13, 2017 at 12:18AM
An NSA Cyber Weapon Might Be Behind A Massive Global Ransomware Outbreak
 Public service message. Be careful out there...... https://www.forbes.com/sites/thomasb.../#e599ba0e599b   
Suspected Russia-backed hackers target Baltic energy networks
By Stephen Jewkes and Oleg Vukmanovic MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - Suspected Russia-backed hackers have launched exploratory cyber attacks against the energy networks of the Baltic states, sources said, raising security concerns inside the West's main militar
Keylogger Discovered in HP Audio Driver
Rather than being malicious, this looks like negligence by developers. What's more concerning is it's been on HP systems since 2015.   
'WannaCry' ransomware attack spreads worldwide (update) - Engadget
 Engadget 'WannaCry' ransomware attack spreads worldwide (update) Engadget England's healthcare system came under a withering cyberattack Friday morning, with "at least 25" hospitals across the country falling prey to ransomware that locked doctors and em
Global cyber attack: Hospitals, telecommunications hit with ransomware
REPUBLIKA.CO.ID, LONDON -- A huge extortion cyberattack has hit dozens of nations, holding computer data for ransom at hospitals, telecommunications firms and other companies.The attack appeared to exploit a...
IDG Contributor Network: May Patch Tuesday delivers fixes critical Windows 10 exploits
For this May Microsoft Patch Tuesday, we see Microsoft attempt to resolve 56 reported vulnerabilities in Microsoft Office, Windows, both Browsers and the .NET development platform. Three of the vulnerabilities have been reported publicly and several have 
CORRECTING and REPLACING RedLock Launches with Comprehensive Cloud Infrastructure Security Offering (Business Wire/VentureBeat)
Business Wire / VentureBeatCORRECTING and REPLACING RedLock Launches with Comprehensive Cloud Infrastructure Security Offering - PRESS RELEASE: Please replace the release with the following corrected version of the Ray Espinoza/ProofPoint quote in the ADD
Ransomware Attacks Ravage Computer Networks In Dozens Of Countries – NPR
 NPR  Ransomware Attacks Ravage Computer Networks In Dozens Of CountriesNPRFirst, there were reports of Spain's largest telecom being hit with pop-up windows demanding a $300 ransom to access files. Then at least 16 hospitals in England's National Health 
Certification Programme for Data Protection Officers and Other Data Protection Professionals - Basic and Advanced Module on 19 Jun 2017
<p style="text-align: justify;">The European Institute of Public Administration (EIPA) in Maastricht is organising a seminar entitled <strong><em>&quot;</em>Certification Programme for Data Protection Officers and Other Data Protection Professionals - Bas
Retailer Brooks Brothers discloses payment card data breach
(Reuters) - U.S. clothing company Brooks Brothers said on Friday payment card information of certain customers were compromised at some of its retail locations in the United States and Puerto Rico over 11 months until March.  
SwiftOnSecurity on Twitter: "[#MUSTREAD for IT/REPORTERS] Amazing amalgamation of knowledge on today's ransomware outbreak, by rain1 on Freenode https://t.co/BdHtPHRSHh"
 archived from https://twitter.com/SwiftOnSecurity/status/863136615434203136
Credit Card Fraud
Credit Card Fraud
InfoSec Institute Resources: Phishing for a Dropbox
Dropbox, the handy Cloud based storage for files, has been one of those amazing tech success stories. As of May 2016, Dropbox had over 500 million registered users with around 1.2 billion files uploaded to Dropbox every day. Dropbox is also a collaborativ
British Hospitals, Spanish Firms Among Targets Of Global ‘Ransomware’ Attack – NDTV
 NDTV  British Hospitals, Spanish Firms Among Targets Of Global 'Ransomware' AttackNDTVRansomware is malicious software that infects machines, locks them by encrypting data and then extorts money to let users back in. World | Reuters | Updated: May 13, 20
RT @uwepleban: Oops, the Deutsche Bahn has been hacked via ransomware. https://t.co/Qqz7JAG9pS
Oops, the Deutsche Bahn has been hacked via ransomware. http://pic.twitter.com/Qqz7JAG9pS — Uwe Pleban (@uwepleban) May 12, 2017  via Twitter https://twitter.com/sixtus  May 13, 2017 at 12:00AM
Mac Malware News: Popular Mac App HandBrake Compromised
Open source video conversion app HandBrake was compromised by malware that can steal user information and gain high-level privileges on an infected machine.
‘JAFF’ ENTERS THE RANSOMWARE SCENE, LOCKY-STYLE
 Forcepoint Security Labs™ have observed today a major malicious email campaign from the Necurs botnet spreading a new ransomware which appears to call itself 'Jaff', peaking within our telemetry at nearly 5m emails per hour.  https://blogs.forcepoint.com
Ransomware Attack Sweeps Globe, Locking Computer Networks Worldwide
 The one thing tying the victims together? They didn't update Windows. 
British hospitals, Spanish firms among targets of ‘ransomware’ attack
          LONDON/MADRID – A huge cyber attack leveraging hacking tools widely believed to have been developed by the United States National Security Agency brought disruption to Britain’s health system today and...      
NHS ransomware attack: Which hospitals have been affected?
 Click here to view original web page at www.ibtimes.co.ukNHS hospitals and GP practices across England and Scotland have been hit by a ransomware cyberattack. Hospital staff have been forced to turn off their computers and switch to pen and paper systems
Cybergeddon: What do NHS hospitals do now following crippling ransomware cyberattack?
Click here to view original web page at www.ibtimes.co.ukWhat can the NHS do about the major cyberattack that hit their computer systems? Dan Kitwood/Getty Images The NHS has been hit with a major ransomware attack that has forced critical computer system
Massive ransomware attack spreads across the globe
A new strain of ransomware is wrecking havoc all over the world, with hospitals across England and major companies in several counties reportedly affected. Security experts have identified the ransomware as a new strain of the WannaCry (also known as Wana
New ‘Jaff’ ransomware via Necurs asks for 2 BTC
 There is yet another ransomware on the block, but contrary to the many copycats out there this one appears to be more serious and widespread since it is part of the Necurs spam campaigns. https://blog.malwarebytes.com/cybercrime/2017/05/new-jaff-ransomwa
Ransomware attack hits 74 countries: Kaspersky
Seattle, May 13 (IANS) Kaspersky Lab has recorded as of Friday more than 45,000 attacks of ransomware in 74 countries around the world, mostly in Russia. The multinational cybersecurity and anti-virus provider's Global Research and Analysis Team said in t
Jaff – New Ransomware From the Actors Behind the Distribution of Dridex, Locky, and Bart
 After a two-week break in campaign activity, the actors behind the distribution of Locky Affid=3 and Dridex 220/7200/7500 have introduced a new ransomware called “Jaff”. The group has introduced new ransomware before in similar fashion, specifically the 
Jaff Ransomware: Player 2 Has Entered The Game
 Talos is constantly monitoring the email threat landscape and tracking both new threats as well as changes to existing threats. We recently observed several large scale email campaigns that were attempting to distribute a new variant of ransomware that h
The Pronk Pops Show 892, May 12, 2017, Story 1: Lester _______ (Bolt, Colt, Dolt, Holt, Jolt, Volt) Interviews President Donald J. Trump — The Real Scandal Is Obama Surveillance and Spying On Republican Party Presidential Candidates Using The Intelligent Community (CIA, NSA, FBI, …) Product–Unmasked and Leaked! — Videos–
The Pronk Pops Show Podcasts Pronk Pops Show 892, May 12, 2017 to be posted as soon as possible Pronk Pops Show 891, May 11, 2017 Pronk Pops Show 891, May 11, 2017 Pronk Pops Show 890, May 10, 2017 Pronk Pops Show 889, May 9, 2017 Pronk Pops Show 888, May
A massive Windows hack has swept through Europe, and is starting to reach the US
Since early Friday morning, reports have been coming in about a massive ransomware attack sweeping through Windows PCs in Europe. The National Health Service in England has had numerous hospitals a
Massive ransomware cyberattack keeps getting worse, reaches 99 countries, using stolen NSA tools to target Microsoft vulnerability
Attackers are demanding $300 in Bitcoin as part of the ransomware attack. (Bigstock Photo) A global cyberattack using ransomware, malicious code that locks down computers and files until users pay a ransom, that began Friday morning is now up to 75,000 at
CAREY WATERMARK INVESTORS INC Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. (form 10-Q)
… , non-listed REIT that invests in, and through … investments in Unconsolidated Hotels recognized in     accordance with each investment … year.     Investing Activities     Net cash provided by investing activities … industry, analysts and investors emp
Russian Hacker Offered Money By FBI To 'Confess' To Election Hacking
Russian Hacker Offered Money By FBI To 'Confess' To Election Hackingexplicita
#AceNewsReport How to Protect Yourself as Ransomware Attack Spreads Around the Globe#FoxNews #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
How to Protect Yourself as Ransomware Attack Spreads Around the Globe Consumer Reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this website. via FOX NEWS http://ift.tt/2qbZmE5Filed under: News The posts and articles from our news desk are not always o
Hunt Mortgage Group Finances the Acquisition of a Multifamily Property Located in Columbus, Ohio
New York, NY — May 10, 2017 — Hunt Mortgage Group, a leader in financing commercial real estate throughout the United States, announced today it provided a Freddie Mac loan facility to finance the acquisition of a multifamily property located in Columbus,
FedEx Computer System Suffering Malware Attack
NEW YORK (AP) — FedEx Corp. is confirming that it is suffering a malware attack. A statement from the delivery company Friday said its Windows-based systems were "experiencing interference" due to malware and that it was trying to fix the issue as quickly
Extortionists Mount Global Cyber Attack With 'Ransomware'
Extortionists Mount Global Cyber Attack With 'Ransomware', Keywords: Taiwan, Russia, Spain
Israel behind hack during Nasrallah speech: ministry
Investigations discovered Friday that Israel was behind that hack that compromised Lebanon’s telecommunications network, as the Hezbollah-affiliated War Media Center announced that the party had begun handing over positions along the border to the Lebanes
Massive ransomware attack hits over 70 countries, possibly derived from NSA tech
A new ransomware called Wannacry/Wanna has affected over 57,000 computers in over 70 countries. The attack has hampered organisations across the world and encrypts all files pending a ransom payment. Read more...
What Is Ransomware? Computers Around the World Infected by Malware Demanding Money
A ransomware program called WannaCry has infected at least 74,000 computers in 99 nations, threatening to erase data unless users pay $300.
How to protect yourself against ransomware
Patch, backup and be careful is the best advice for individuals         
Cyber attack spreads across 74 countries; some UK hospitals crippled - 'Ransomware' cyberattack cripples hospitals across England - Electromagnetic pulse attack on Hawaii would devastate the state
Cyber attack spreads across 74 countries; some UK hospitals crippled - 'Ransomware' cyberattack cripples hospitals across England - Electromagnetic pulse attack on Hawaii would devastate the state
British Hospitals Among Targets Of Global Ransomware Attack
Some doctors and hospitals in Britain are canceling routine treatment on Friday after what appears to have been a major cyber attack. It might be linked to similar attacks reported elsewhere in Europe. Reported by NPR 49 minutes ago.
Major Ransomware attack hits thousands of systems worldwide
The attack holds a user's files hostage using an exploit that might've come from a leak at the NSA. Luckily, Microsoft has already put out a patch. Video provided by Newsy         
#AceNewsReport #Vault7: WikiLeaks outlines ‘CIA malware’ targeting #Microsoft Windows https://t.co/oNS1aQSqU0 http://ift.tt/2qeppc1 #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
#Vault7: WikiLeaks outlines ‘CIA malware’ targeting #Microsoft Windows https://t.co/oNS1aQSqU0 http://pic.twitter.com/vxSycLhdkP — RT (@RT_com) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js #AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged: #AceNewsDesk The p
Ransomware Attack Hits Thousands, Including UK Hospitals
 The attack holds a user's files hostage using an exploit that might've come from a leak at the NSA. Luckily, Microsoft has already put out a patch.
Major Ransomware Attack Hits Thousands Of Systems Worldwide
Major Ransomware Attack Hits Thousands Of Systems Worldwide
Iranian elections; troubles in Jakarta; Glynn Davis; big data; forgotten children in China
Presidential elections in Iran; ramifications of sentencing of Ahok, Jakarta's governor; Cyber attack across the globe; Glynn Davis on universities; big data in Brexit Jane Hutcheon on China's forgotten children.
The Challenges of Mobile Banking Implementation (Light Reading:)
Light Reading:The Challenges of Mobile Banking Implementation - Kamal Quadir of bKash Limited explains the challenges and needs of implementing mobile banking in the Bangladesh market. ... 
PLAN: Joint Policy- and Network-Aware VM Management for Cloud Data Centers
Policies play an important role in network configuration and therefore in offering secure and high performance services especially over multi-tenant Cloud Data Center (DC) environments. At the same time, elastic resource provisioning through virtualizatio
Major 'ransomware' attack strikes worldwide targets
More than 60 countries have been hit by malware exploiting a vulnerability in Microsoft systems. Russia's interior ministry said roughly 1,000 of its computer have been compromised in a cyberattack that spans the globe. Reported by Deutsche Welle 4 minute
Boston Future of Data Meetup: May 2017: Spark Introduction with Credit Card Fraud Demo
 Presented at the Future of Data Meetup in Boston in May 2017. An introduction to Apache Spark followed by a sample credit card fraud demo using Spark, Nifi, Storm and Hbase.
New Mexico Enacts Data Breach Notification Law
On April 6, 2017, New Mexico became the 48th state to enact a data breach notification law; the Data Breach Notification Act (the “Act”) will go into effect on June 16, 2017.   The good news for many in the health care industry is the Act does not...By: K
Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to derp [Obvious]
   [link] [10 comments] 
UK's National Health Service Hit in Global Ransomware Wave
Multiple outlets are reporting a wave of ransomware attacks affecting the UK’s National Health Service as well as other firms throughout the world. Source 
NSA cyber weapon behind massive global ransomware outbreak
(Forbes) It's been a matter of weeks since a shady hacker crew called Shadow Brokers dumped a load of tools believed to belong to the National Security Agency (NSA). It now appears one leaked NSA tool, an exploit of Microsoft Windows called EternalBlue, i
Commerce Point of Sale (POS): Commit 3a80548 on 7.x-2.x by smccabe
                         commerce_pos: /includes/commerce_pos.transaction.inc               Fixed bug from previous patch where validate didn't check for a field element existing 
Hackers use leaked NSA bug in massive global cyber attack
WASHINGTON -- A cyber weapon believed to have escaped the control of the top-secret National Security Agency appears to be behind a massive wave Friday of global cyber ransom attacks, researchers said. The wave of cyberattacks crippled 16 ...
Thousands of ransomware cyberattacks reported worldwide
A ransomware virus is reported to be spreading aggressively around the globe, with over 50,000 computers having been targeted. The virus infects computer files and then demands money to unblock them. An increase in activity of the malware was noticed star
Special Webcast: Massive Ransomware Crisis in UK Health System and Elsewhere - May 16, 2017 12:00pm US/Eastern
Speakers: SANS Instructor Jake Williams (Rendition InfoSec) and Benjamin WrightFriday May 12 witnessed an unprecedented ransomware attack on the healthcare system in the UK. Similar attacks were reported on the same day in numerous other countries. Some s
Wanna Decrypter 2.0 ransomware attack: what you need to know
Security experts are firefighting the global outbreak of ransomware that is apparently exploiting a recently patched flaw in Windows
Worldwide Ransomware Attack Underway Using Stolen NSA Tools
                           Aldrin Brown | MSPmentor            Significant targets of the Microsoft Windows-based attack thus far include Britain’s National Health Service, that nation’s main healthcare apparatus, and telecoms Telefonica, of Spain, and Ru
RANSOMWARE HIJACKS COMPS ACROSS GLOBE...
     RANSOMWARE HIJACKS COMPS ACROSS GLOBE...        (Third column, 1st story, link)     Related stories: NSA CYBER WEAPON... HOSPITALS CRIPPLED, TELECOMMS SNARLED... SPEED AND SCALE STARTLES EXPERTS...          
[Tweet] Vanilla Forums has a plain-flavoured zero-day via @rightrelevance https://t.co/VS9Y7zsfpv https://t.co/ihyXXGfHbJ
Vanilla Forums has a plain-flavoured zero-day via @rightrelevance https://t.co/VS9Y7zsfpv https://t.co/ihyXXGfHbJ
The ransomware outbreak that's sweeping the internet, explained
Vox - On Friday afternoon, Windows computers in some British hospitals displayed an ominous message that looked like this:  NHS hit by major cyber attack with hackers demanding ransom https://t.co/J7mwBig5zN pic.twitter.com/T3Jqg7BYym? Chips Computers (@C
Global Ransomware Attack Takes Down British NHS, Company Networks, More
 The British National Health System (NHS) has fallen victim to a massive cyber attack as part of a global action. Hospitals and businesses across the United Kingdom and other countries were affected.  The attack that took place on Friday has no precedent 
Large Ransomware Attack Affects Companies in Over 70 Countries
A large-scale ransomware attack began impacting companies and hospitals across the United States, Europe, and Asia early Friday morning.  According to reports, companies in more than 70 countries have reported incidents as of Friday afternoon. The attacks
Ransomware Based Off of Leaked NSA Exploit Infects Computers Worldwide
Attack hits more than 74 countries including the US, UK, China, Russia and Spain.
2 – Large spanish corporations under ransomware attack
By lrmunoz 2 points, 0 comments Read more here: http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-spain-cyber-idUKKBN1881TJ The post 2 – Large spanish corporations under ransomware attack appeared first on Exploding Ads. 
Microsoft Adds New Protection for Ransomware Amid Global Cyber Attack
The US technology giant Microsoft said in a statement on Friday it had identified and patched its operating systems against malicious software called WannaCrypt that is affecting computer networks in as many as 74 nations.
BREAKING: Hackers Using Tools Developed By The NSA To Launch Massive Worldwide Cyber Attack
A ransom ware virus is reported to be spreading aggressively around the globe, with over 50,000 computers having been targeted.
Commerce Point of Sale (POS): Commit 4876894 on 7.x-2.x authored by wildkatana, committed by smccabe
                         commerce_pos: /modules/register/commerce_pos_register.module             commerce_pos: /modules/register/includes/commerce_pos_register.pages.inc             commerce_pos: /modules/report/includes/commerce_pos_report.pages.inc    
WanaCrypt0r ransomware wreaks havoc worldwide
The WanaCrypt0r ransomware hit with a vengeance on Friday, with the outbreak beginning in Europe, striking hospitals and other organizations, then quickly spreading across the globe. As of 1:00pm Pacific Time, it is believed more than 57,000 systems in mo
Criminals used leaked NSA cyberweapon in crippling ransomware attack, experts say
A leaked cyberweapon believed to have been created by NSA spies was used by criminals on Friday to launch a crippling ransomware attack on hospitals and telecom companies across Europe, security experts say. The attack — which holds access to infected com
Security Alert: Large-Scale Ransomware Event on Fri. 5/12
Security Alert: Large-Scale Ransomware Event on Fri. 5/12
Scottrade Data Breach Suit Belongs In State Court: Customers
A putative class of customers suing discount brokerage firm Scottrade Inc. over a data breach that compromised more than 4.6 million people's personal information asked a Florida federal court Thursday to move their suit to state court, arguing that the s
The Ransomware Meltdown
 In reply to Worldwide Cyberattack Based on Leaked NSA Tactics Hits Hospital Systems, Universities, Telecom Companies The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here @ Wired.com, 2:03 pm 
'Ransomware' cyber attack hits Scotland's NHS with HALF of all health boards plunged into chaos
Nicola Sturgeon has chaired an emergency meeting of the Scottish Government's Resilience Committee as the cyber attack now affects 74 countries. Reported by Daily Record 41 minutes ago.
The Biggest Ransomware Attack In History Is Hitting Countries Around The World
Over 70 countries across the world are being targeted in what cybersecurity experts say may be the biggest ransomware attack ever observed. View Entire Post › 
Photos - Payment by Credit Card 5
 Photos - Payment by Credit Card 5 5 JPG | 7000x4667 - 9000x6000 | 79.37 Mb DOWNLOAD (Buy premium account for maximum speed and resuming ability) Code:  http://nitroflare.com/view/4F5B9AA67CD1DF7/1hsjt.P.P.b.C.C.5.rar http://rapidgator.net/file/60c71198a9
ESPIONAGE RAID ALERT (MAY 12, 2017): GENEVA-BASED CIA TO ASSASSINATE OR ARREST DAVID CHASE TAYLOR IN GERMANY ON MAY 13, 2017, FOR ALLEGED ESPIONAGE, POSSIBLY FOR BEING AMERICAN OR RUSSIAN SPY—a) Wikileaks Revelation on March 7, 2017, that U.S. Consulate in Frankfurt, Germany is ‘CIA Hacker Base’ Evidently Political Cover
David Chase Taylor May 12, 2017 Truther.org GERMANY, Undisclosed Location — On May 13, 2017, CIA Headquarters beneath Lake Geneva (known locally in Germany as the BND or Bundesnachrichtendienst) will predictably assassinate or arrest me, David Chase Taylo
Facebook in the dock: Web giant faces trial for allegedly ripping off data center blueprints
Zuck's Open Compute Project stole our designs, claims Brit biz Facebook is set to be dragged before a jury next year to face allegations that its Open Compute Project is built on stolen server and rack technology.…
Hospitals Turn Away Patients After 'Ransomware' Attack On UK Health Services
Hospitals and doctors' offices across Britain were forced to divert ambulances, turn away patients and cancel appointments on Friday after a 'ransomware' cyberattack crippled some computer systems in the state-run health service, Reuters reported. The Nat
Ransomware Outbreak Targeting Windows SMB Flaw
A large ransomware outbreak affecting some Windows systems is in effect today, with a report from the SANS Institute's Internet Storm Center estimating 45,000 attacks in 74 countries.
Ransomware hack attack exposes serious NHS vulnerabilities
The NHS has been rolled over by a cyberattack - and it wasn't even the target. The ransomware attack that has taken hospital systems in England and Scotland offline has spread globally. According to cybersecurity firm Kaspersky, it's reached at least 74 c
[Tweet] ‘WannaCry’ Rapidly Moving Ransomware Attack Spreads to 74 Countries https://t.co/OU1CDngMsh #cybersecurity https://t.co/ifRUSfsHMa
'WannaCry' Rapidly Moving Ransomware Attack Spreads to 74 Countries https://t.co/OU1CDngMsh #cybersecurity https://t.co/ifRUSfsHMa
Nations Grapple With Global ‘Ransomware’ Cyberattack
(LONDON) — A global cyberattack, unprecedented in scale, had technicians scrambling to restore Britain's crippled hospital network Saturday and secure the computers that run factories, banks, government agencies and transport systems in many other nations
#AceNewsReport FACTBOX: Don’t click – What is the ‘ransomware’ WannaCry worm? https://t.co/6Xr4hzniUa http://ift.tt/2rb3enk #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
FACTBOX: Don't click – What is the 'ransomware' WannaCry worm? https://t.co/6Xr4hzniUa http://pic.twitter.com/21MIEuBK6I — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged: #AceNewsDesk
#WannaCry: Worldwide ransomware attack hits 99 countries
#WannaCry: Worldwide ransomware attack hits 99 countries
Malware Cyberattack Hits English Hospitals and FedEx, Hackers Demand Bitcoin. Las Vegas Blog
  More than a dozen hospitals in England and major companies, in addition to FedEx and Spain's biggest telecom, were targets Friday of crippling malware in that appeared to be part of a large-scale cyberattack across the world. U.S. companies were … Read 
Ransomware attacks are on the increase, experts warn
Professional hacker says the cyber-attacks are impossible to stamp out completely Reported by Irish Times 49 minutes ago.
UK healthcare systems hit by massive ransomware attack
 Hospitals and healthcare establishments in Britain today were forced to turn away patients and cancel appointments after getting hit with a massive ransomware cyber attack. The UK’s National Health Service said that dozens of organizations have been affe
Ex-Judge Named In Social Security Fraud Case Pleads Guilty
A former administrative law judge for the Social Security Administration entered a guilty plea in Kentucky federal court Friday to charges he pocketed illegal gratuities in a scheme to siphon off more than $550 million in federal disability payments, the 
CAREY WATERMARK INVESTORS INC Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. (form 10-Q)
…     our Executive Director - Corporate Finance from January 2016 to March … ;2017 10-Q - 23     --------------------------------------------------------------------------------     Financial and Operating Highlights     (Dollars in … distributions to st
How to protect yourself against ransomware
Patch, backup and be careful is the best advice for individuals         
FBI gives Hollywood hacking victims advice: 'Pay the ransom'
There have been at least a half-dozen extortion attempts against Hollywood firms over the past six months.   
âSmart contractsâ use blockchain technology to boost online security
SATHAPON PATANAKUHA, co-founder of Smart Contract Thailand, has introduced the blockchain platform for contracts struck by financial, e-commerce and other businesses.
Multiple Ransomware Infections Reported
Posted by US-CERT on May 12 U.S. Department of Homeland Security US-CERT  National Cyber Awareness System:  Multiple Ransomware Infections Reported [  https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/current-activity/2017/05/12/Multiple-Ransomware-Infections-Reported ] 05/12
US Announces Bug Bounty for Federal Digital Service Agency
US Announces Bug Bounty for Federal Digital Service AgencyThe General Services Administration (GSA) in the United States has announced a bug bounty program for the Technology Transformation Service (TTS), which includes the government’s digital service ag
What’s Going On With That Massive Ransomware Attack?
What's Going On With That Massive Ransomware Attack? Thanks to a leaked NSA exploit, malware has infected some 70,000 computers across the globe — primarily in British hospitals and a Spanish telecommunications company Telefonica. Here's what's going on. 
After three Baltic countries agree to disconnect power grids from Russia, the cyber hackers arrive
The Baltics are locked into Russia’s power network but plan to synchronize their grids with the EU. Officials show Russian hackers have quietly made incursions into Baltic networks over the past two years
[Tweet] Massive Ransomware Attack That’s Hitting World Right Now Uses NSA’s Exploit https://t.co/6TT3RF1cQw #CyberSecurity https://t.co/IesKtVoCg0
Massive Ransomware Attack That's Hitting World Right Now Uses NSA's Exploit https://t.co/6TT3RF1cQw #CyberSecurity https://t.co/IesKtVoCg0
FedEx Reports Malware Interference in Global Cyberattack: Statement
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - FedEx said on Friday it was experiencing issues with some of its Microsoft Corp Windows systems in relation to a global...
Hackers use tools stolen from NSA in worldwide cyber attack
Ransomware known as WannaCry strikes organisations including the UK health service (Source: FT.com - Drugs and Healthcare)
WannaCry ransomware used in widespread attacks all over the world
 Earlier today, our products detected and successfully blocked a large number of ransomware attacks around the world. In these attacks, data is encrypted with the extension “.WCRY” added to the filenames. https://securelist.com/blog/incidents/78351/wannac
A new ransomware outbreak is spreading very quickly
PC Gamer - Security researchers are warning of a ransomware outbreak that is spreading around the globe. Hospitals in the U.K. have been hit particularly hard, with reports of entire wards being shut down, patients being turned away, and staff sent home, 
Global Ransomware Attack Targets Hospitals, Telecom Companies; Partners Push Education As Preventative Medicine
A massive ransomware campaign has locked-up a number of health care systems and slowed down telecom company operations in several European countries.
Worldwide 'ransomware' attack reported in at least 14 countries
A large-scale cyberattack that disrupted the UK health service has also affected a number of other firms, including telecoms giant Telefonica. Attacks have also been reported in Russia, Indonesia and many other nations.
China to Regulate Bitcoin to Fight Money Laundering
… to Regulate Bitcoin to Fight Money Laundering     SHANGHAI – The Chinese authorities will … several months of investigation over money laundering suspicions.     Bitcoin trading caught regulators … into the probable market manipulations, money launderin
Cyberattacks in 12 nations said to use leaked NSA hacking tool
May 13, 2017 4:22 AMLONDON (NYTIMES) - An extensive cyberattack struck computers across a wide swath of Europe and Asia on Friday (May 12), and strained the public health system in Britain, where doctors were blocked from patient files and emergency rooms
IBM Warns Customers it Shipped Malware-Infected USB Drives
IBM is advising its customers to destroy a flash drive that it shipped with its Storewize systems because the drive may contain malware.
Windows Defender and Windows Update protect from new ransomware attack, Microsoft says
A new ransomware attack is currently rocking computers in in more than 70 countries around the world, but the vast majority of Windows users should be protected. 
[Tweet] New Malware Uses GeoCities, North Korea Interest to Trick Victims https://t.co/NkEZlmOOIG #cybersecurity https://t.co/gbyKTXxYI1
New Malware Uses GeoCities, North Korea Interest to Trick Victims https://t.co/NkEZlmOOIG #cybersecurity https://t.co/gbyKTXxYI1
UK prime minister: Ransomware attack has gone global
Hospitals in the UK were crippled by a large-scale cyberattack that forced operations to be canceled and ambulances to be diverted.   
Hack of computers in 74 nations using NSA bug is largest cyberattack ever
A cyberweapon believed to have escaped the control of the United States’ top-secret National Security Agency appears to be behind a massive wave of cyber ransom attacks Friday in scores of countries around the globe that researchers said was the largest c
Can the Ransomware Attacks Happening Right Now Across Europe be Traced to the NSA?
A wave of cybercrime is currently overtaking the computers of many European hospitals and companies. The "ransomware" attack we're seeing today locks up the files on computers and keeps them locked until the system administrator pays a ransom to regain co
More than 45,000 ransomware attacks have been detected across the globe - BNO News
"More than 45,000 ransomware attacks have been detected across 74 countries over the last 12 hours, Kaspersky Lab reports," said the BNO News in a rec
Ransomware and the WannaCry virus that crippled the NHS
 A string of ransomware virus attacks has spread across the globe at an unprecedented speed. The software locks computers and asks for a digital ransom before control is safely returned.  Visit link: Ransomware and the WannaCry virus that crippled the NHS
BREAKING: Russian government under attack after NHS hit by hackers
THE Russian Interior Ministry has announced it has come under a cyber attack just hours after the NHS was hacked.
Mass ransomware attack may be exploiting unpatched Microsoft SMB MS17-010 vulnerability using NSA to (john.leonard@incisivemedia.com(John Leonard)/Computing.co.uk Latest updates)
john.leonard@incisivemedia.com(John Leonard) / Computing.co.uk Latest updatesMass ransomware attack may be exploiting unpatched Microsoft SMB MS17-010 vulnerability using NSA to - WannaCry/WanaCrypt0r 2.0 attachers probably using the NSA EternalBlue explo
New Point-Of-Sale Plastic Kiosk Coming September 1 to Three Square Market
Three Square Market (32M) announced this week a new self-checkout kiosk model to be added to their superior micro market solutions on September 1st, 2017.
FedEx hit as NSA-linked ransomware spreads around the world
American shipping giant FedEx has been hit in a ransomware attack spreading quickly around the globe and linked to hacked or leaked data from the U.S.Related Symbols: OBB:ARSC
How to protect yourself against ransomware
Patch, backup and be careful is the best advice for individuals         
Malware Stolen From The NSA Cripples Computers In 74 Countries (And Counting)
  Ransomware leaked by hackers and stolen originally from NSA documents has been infecting computers worldwide Friday. [ more › ]
British hospitals, Telefonica hit by ransomware with NSA exploit
Fast spreading worm delays surgery and treatment.
Microsoft says it added detection, protection against global cyberattack
The company was working with its customers to provide additional assistance.
Cyberattack: Up to 74 countries affected by ransomware, say experts
Up to 74 countries have been affected by the ransomware cyberattack that has struck the NHS, according to experts. Among the other nations hit are Spain, Ukraine and India, according to the Securelist cyber security website. Ransomware is malicious softwa
WikiLeaks offers $100k for Trump–Comey tapes
WikiLeaks announced on Friday that it is willing to pay a substantial amount of money to anyone who sends them taped conversations between President Donald Trump and former FBI Director James Comey. The organization sent out its reward offer on Twitter sh
11 Simple Yet Important Tips to Secure AWS Deployments
It's important to be aware of the security challenges associated with cloud environments, in particular, Amazon Web Services. These 11 tips will help organizations secure […] Read the original post by Evan Selleck    
Secret court orders, anonymous judges, wiretapping – could SOVA become Slovenia’s NSA?
A bill is being drafted that would give SOVA, Slovenia’s intelligence and security agency, broader powers.
#AceNewsReport Russian-linked cyber gang Shadow Brokers blamed for NHS computer hack https://t.co/CNjzSTFXuv http://ift.tt/2pHbWIz #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
Russian-linked cyber gang Shadow Brokers blamed for NHS computer hack https://t.co/CNjzSTFXuv http://pic.twitter.com/7LgPKRt1Oq — The Telegraph (@Telegraph) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js #Telegraph #AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Ta
Greenlight Technologies Selected to Present at Needham’s Emerging Technology Conference
The conference highlights companies in the Consumer, Internet & Digital Media and Software & Services verticals that Needham believes are most likely to win in today’s rapidly changing competitive environment, as well as those most likely to redefine the 
‘wikileaks offers tech community first access to cia files’..
(excerpt..) Technology firms will get 'exclusive access' to details of the CIA's cyber-warfare programme – Wikileaks says. The anti-secrecy website has published thousands of the US spy agency's secret documents – including what it says are the CIA's hack
[Tweet] An NSA-derived ransomware worm is shutting down computers worldwide https://t.co/7ftO8wQ0TI #cybersecurity https://t.co/r3pQPbM2Q3
An NSA-derived ransomware worm is shutting down computers worldwide https://t.co/7ftO8wQ0TI #cybersecurity https://t.co/r3pQPbM2Q3
The NHS trusts hit by malware – full list
Health services across England and Scotland ask patients to stay away after ransomware causes havoc with IT systems The trust said it was having problems with its phone lines and declared a major internal incident at around midday, shutting down all its I
Leaked NSA Malware Is Helping Hijack Computers Around the World
A large-scale digital infestation used leaked NSA malware to spread itself across the internet today. Fonte: Leaked NSA Malware Is Helping Hijack Computers Around the World     
Huge cyber-attacks by Ransomware demanding $300 reported worldwide
[field_converge_image]A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected a number of organisations around the world.Computers in thousands of locations have apparently been locked by a program that demands $300 (£230) in Bitcoin.There have been report
A new ransomware outbreak is spreading very quickly
Be careful.
Global Ransomware Attack Is Much Bigger Than It First Appeared
A dozen countries were hit in a cyberattack Friday. Such attacks have increased by more than 500 percent in recent years
Brooks Brothers warns of payment card security incident
Brooks Brothers said a malicious software could have affected users' name, payment card account number, card expiration date or card verification code.
NHS cyber attack: Theresa May says 'no evidence patient data compromised' in hacking
Theresa May has said the cyber attack on NHS hospitals is part of a wider international attack and there is no evidence patient data has been compromised. The Prime Minister said the attack was "not targeted" at the health service but was part of a wider 
FBI special agent: Bureau can help hospitals fight cyber threats
M.K. Palmore, FBI assistant special agent in charge of San Francisco's Cyber Branch, also describes a fast-evolving threat landscape, explains cyber criminals' focus on ROI and discusses the emerging security trends that concern him the most.   Primary to
VR will soon go mainstream on smartphones
Soon every smartphone will be VR-enabled. This will open up the virtual floodgates, making video-based VR experiences more affordable and accessible. Immersive VR will go mainstream not on laptops, smart TVs or games consoles but on mobiles. Affordable he
Worldwide Data Center Security Market Opportunities, Key Trends, Growth and Analysis to 2025 |The Insight Partners
 The “Worldwide Data Center Security Market report categories the global market by Solutions, Services, Worldwide Data Center Security Size, End-user and Geography” report provides a detailed overview of the major factors impacting the global market with 
Ransomware attack shuts down NHS hospitals as malware spreads across 12 countries
Ransomware attack shuts down NHS hospitals as malware spreads across 12 countries esweeney Fri, 05/12/2017 - 15:50   
Russian-linked cyber gang Shadow Brokers blamed for NHS computer hack
Reported by Telegraph.co.uk 2 minutes ago.
China to Regulate Bitcoin to Fight Money Laundering
The Chinese authorities will implement a new regulation in June in order to supervise bitcoin trading and fight the electronic currency’s use for money laundering, according to the economic daily Caixin on Friday.
Over-reliance on one defensive layer leads to ransomware attacks: prepare early, check often
Since its first appearance more than 20 years ago, ransomware has become one of the most discussed cyber threats -- affecting companies of all sizes, across all industries. We cannot go a couple of days without seeing a new breach headline as a result of 
Leaked NSA malware used to attack systems worldwide
By Costas Pitas & Carlos Ruano  Reuters LONDON/MADRID – A huge cyber attack leveraging hacking tools widely believed to have
Worldwide Ransomware Attack Reported, U.K. Hospitals And FedEx Among Infected
.textsize {font-size: small;}A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected organisations in the UK, US, China, Russia, Spain, Italy, Vietnam, Taiwan and others, including UK's National Health Service.
Massive Ransomware Attack Worldwide…
Organized and who's behind it? Via BBC: A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected a number of organisations around the world. Computers in thousands of locations have apparently been locked by a program that demands $300 (£230) in Bitcoin. Th
Malware demanding money locks down computers in 74 countries
Tens of thousands of ransomware attacks are targeting organizations around the world on Friday.   
Microsoft posts PowerShell script that spawns pseudo security bulletins
 A Microsoft manager this week offered IT administrators a way to replicate -- in a fashion -- the security bulletins the company discarded last month. "If you want a report summarizing today's #MSRC security bulletins, here's a script that uses the MSRC 
Malware affecting NHS England has now spread to many countries
London [U.K.], May 12 (ANI): Hours after a malware affected the National Health Service (NHS) England hospitals, cyber attacks are now being reported many other countries, including Turkey, Vietnam, the Philippines, and Japan, with the majority of affecte
Police trail UPS truck and arrest identity theft suspect in Stamford
Barcello said UPS policy allows recipients to meet their drivers on the street for deliveries. Because the man contacted the driver a day earlier, police knew what kind of car he was driving and they spotted the car on Hope Street at 1:45 p.m. Then they w
WannaCry Ransomware Attack Hits Victims With Microsoft SMB Exploit
A massive attack is spreading globally by way of a vulnerability in Microsoft's Server Message Block that was patched in March.
Cyberattacks in 12 nations said to use leaked NSA hacking tool
The attack was part of a so-called ransomware attack around the world, affecting countries from Russia to Spain.
Bitcoin ransomware infections reported worldwide – to the moon bitch!
Bitcoin ransomware infections reported worldwide – to the moon bitch! http://ift.tt/2qeaZbW Filed under: Bitcoin  
NHS hack: What is ransomware and how does the cyber attack work?
A RANSOMWARE cyber attack plunged NHS hospitals across England into chaos today. But what is a ransomware attack and how does it work?
[Tweet] A ransomware attack is spreading worldwide, using alleged NSA exploit https://t.co/vSknZmp5Vz #cybersecurity
A ransomware attack is spreading worldwide, using alleged NSA exploit https://t.co/vSknZmp5Vz #cybersecurity
Brooks Brothers Discloses Year-Long Data Breach
U.S. retailer Brooks Brothers is  yet another victim of a cyber-attack, announcing Friday that customer payment information was compromised at some of its locations throughout the country.
Ransomware attacks reported around the world
A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected a number of organisations around the world, BBC has reported. Computers in thousands of locations have apparently been locked by a program that demands $300 (£230) in Bitcoin, according to the report.
Hackers launch ransomware attack on over 70 countries using leaked NSA tool
Prime Minister confirms international cyberattack but says NHS patient data is safe.
At Least 12 Nations Hit by NSA Hacking Tool – New York Times
New York Times At Least 12 Nations Hit by NSA Hacking ToolNew York TimesAmbulance staff at a National Health Service hospital in London on Friday. Several hospitals across England were hit by a large-scale cyberattack, causing failures to computer systems
Hacking for cash: Ransomware threats on the rise
The NHS has been hit by a large ransomware cyberattack – but how do they work and how fast is the problem growing? from Tech News – Latest Technology and Gadget News | Sky News http://ift.tt/2psEARX via Aerials Sheffield TEC from Blogger http://ift.tt/2pG
NSA’s Leaked Malware is Being Weaponized by Criminals
https://news.bitcoin.com/nsas-leaked-malware-weaponized-criminals-wendy-mcelroy/  
Hospitals across Britain hit by "ransomware" cyberattack
Hospitals canceled appointments and turned away patients Friday as Britain's National Health Service confirms reports of a cyberattack
Hospitals in UK National Health Service knocked offline by massive ransomware attack
The network was likely taken down by the Wanna Decryptor, one of the most effective ransomware variants for which there's currently no decryptor available.
Explaining the global ransomware outbreak
 The attack is the biggest and most public ransomware outbreak ever seen Reported by BBC News 51 seconds ago.
FACTBOX-Don't click: What is the 'ransomware' WannaCry worm?
It exploited a vulnerability in the Windows operating system believed to have been developed by the National Security Agency, which became public last month. It was among a large number of hacking tools and other files that a group known as the Shadow Bro
Hackers breach computers in 12 countries using stolen NSA tools
Extensive cyberattacks hit computer networks across Eurasia Friday, forcing hospitals to evacuate and relocate emergency patients.Patrick Ward, 47, a sales director at Purbeck Ice Cream, from Dorset in England, poses for photographs after giving media int
Ransomware Attack Hitting FedEx, Hospitals, Utilities, And More In At Least 74 Countries
Consumerist - Security experts say that a cyberattack that first hit British hospitals, holding their computer networks hostage, has now spread beyond the U.K., targeting other healthcare facilities, shipping companies, and utilities,?
Credit card payment app for small business owners
 View as PDF Print View     Commercial Merchant Services announced the continued availability of their Credit card payment app „Credit card payment app" available at From our web site. More information can be found at http://paymentjack.org/. Atlanta, Uni
Apparent NSA tools behind massive hospital ransomware attacks around the world - POLITICO
Politico reports;
NewsBreaks: International ransomware attack; Tebowmania in Lakewood
International ransomware attack; Tebowmania in Lakewood; NASA's 200th spacewalk         
Cyberattack Hits Dozen Nations ‘Using Leaked NSA Hacking Tool’ – Haaretz
HaaretzThe face of an attendee is reflected in a laptop computer screen and overlaid with code as he participates in the TechCrunch Disrupt London 2015 Hackathon in London, U.K., on Saturday, Dec. 5, 2015. Luke MacGregor/Bloomberg … and more …read more Fr
Malware used by hackers in NHS attack
It seems the malware the hackers used was a sophisticated virus called Wanna Decryptor. It shuts down files on a victim's computer then tries to blackmail them in exchange for restoring access to their files. 
Cybernance CEO Mike Shultz to Present at Needham Emerging Technology Conference
 AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#DHS--Cybernance Corporation, a provider of cyber risk governance technology solutions, today announced that Mike Shultz, founder and CEO, will present at the Needham Emerging Technology Conference on Tuesday, May 16 at 12
Cybernance CEO Mike Shultz to Present at Needham Emerging Technology Conference
 AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#DHS--Cybernance Corporation, a provider of cyber risk governance technology solutions, today announced that Mike Shultz, founder and CEO, will present at the Needham Emerging Technology Conference on Tuesday, May 16 at 12
#AceNewsReport Massive international ransomware attack closes hospitals and damages telecom company https://t.co/s2fLoQbeps http://ift.tt/2rasb26 #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
Massive international ransomware attack closes hospitals and damages telecom company https://t.co/s2fLoQbeps http://pic.twitter.com/gUn487jkNq — The Hill (@thehill) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged
Cyberattacks in 12 Nations Said to Use NSA Hacking Tool
An extensive cyberattack struck computers across a wide swath of Europe and Asia on Friday, and strained the public health system in Britain, where doctors were blocked from patient files and emergency rooms were forced to divert patients. The attack invo
Growth of BYOD proves it's no longer an optional strategy
If you study graphs related to the adoption rate of BYOD and BYOD spending, you’ll notice that it’s pretty steep. While growth may have been gradual from 2010 through 2014, adoption rates have skyrocketed over the last couple of years. Enterprises and sma
Column: What companies can do about ransomware
In February, hackers somehow got into the servers of a local family practice and encrypted years’ worth of patient’s medical records, according to media reports. Then, they demanded thousands of dollars. Ransomware is currently one of the most lucrative t
NHS cyber hack has terrifying implications with Russia the prime suspect to undermine our safety
 The NHS has suffered a widespread cyber attack, which has caused a major meltdown for hospitals across the country 
GLOBAL HACK: Major cyberattack targets 12 countries in Europe, Asia
Read more… 
Factbox: Don't click - What is the 'ransomware' WannaCry worm?
25 min 58 sec agoLONDON - Malicious software called 'ransomware' has forced British hospital
China 'very' actively spying on Australia - defence official
Security officers check inside the Great Hall of the People after the third plenary session of the National People's Congress in Beijing, China, March 12, 2017. Source: Reuters/Tyrone Siu CHINA is conducting extensive espionage against Australia, Australi
The big one? 'Nightmare' cyberattack based on NSA hacking tool sweeps globe
Reported by syracuse.com 2 minutes ago.
Massive ransomware attack hits UK hospitals, Spanish banks
  A large number of hospitals, GPs, and walk-in clinics across England have been locked down by a ransomware attack, reports suggest. There are also some reports of a ransomware attack hitting institutions in Portugal and Spain, with telecoms provider Tel
Communications News - Director of National Intelligence warns of IoT sec...
Director of National Intelligence warns of IoT security threats Hackers aren't the only ones bypassing the weak security of the Internet of Things. According to Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, smart devices could also be used to shut down 
Did unpatched Microsoft exploit lead to massive NHS ransomware attack?
Did unpatched Microsoft exploit lead to massive NHS ransomware attack?
NHS hospitals in England hit by widespread ransomware attack
Several NHS hospitals don't have access to their IT systems and phone lines following the attack. WanaCrypt0r 2.0 in the wild..  https://goo.gl/i2KS59
Agar.Io Hack For Ios. Agario Hack Download
 GET UNLIMITED AGARIO RESOURCES!    agar.io cheats The map includes not only the immobile cells and other players but also p...
There's a Massive Ransomware Attack Spreading Globally Right Now
A ransomware attack is quickly spreading across the globe rendering vital systems inaccessible.Read more...
Hospitals In UK Hit By Ransomware Attack
 A nationwide ransom-ware attack has crippled the computer systems for England's National Health Service. According to the NHS, at least 16 organizations have been affected by the cyber attack. The intrusion has forced hospitals to turn patients away, pos
[Tweet] 8 Notorious Russian Hackers Arrested in the Past 8 Years https://t.co/grWQszxATb #cybersecurity https://t.co/GEQtmSoRvN
8 Notorious Russian Hackers Arrested in the Past 8 Years https://t.co/grWQszxATb #cybersecurity https://t.co/GEQtmSoRvN
Enterprises that don't embrace automation will cease to exist
Automate or perish. That is essentially what a new study by BMC Software, an IT solutions for the digital enterprise company, is saying. It polled IT decision makers for its new report and came to the conclusion that almost three quarters (73 percent) agr
NSA tools may be linked to hacker attacks on European hospitals
A hacking group called "Shadow Brokers" said earlier this year that it stole WannaCry from the NSA and then offered it for sale. Read more at WashingtonExaminer.com
Ransomware attacks UK health system
A new ransomware cyberattack is affecting health and telecom services in Europe as well as FedEx in the U.S. New York Times' Nicole Perlroth weighs in.
Global ransomware attack using stolen NSA tool hits 74 countries
A massive international ransomware campaign apparently using hacking tools stolen from the NSA struck computers across the world Friday, shuttering British hospitals and hobbling a Spanish telecom. As many as 74 countries in all were hit by the...
What is Phishing?
 PhishingBox Presents an Informative Slideshow of What Phishing is, and it’s Impact on Companies.
[Tweet] New Jaff Ransomware Part Of Active Necurs Spam Blitz https://t.co/l5rHbQoAFK #CyberSecurity https://t.co/5zTuVrg2pI
New Jaff Ransomware Part Of Active Necurs Spam Blitz https://t.co/l5rHbQoAFK #CyberSecurity https://t.co/5zTuVrg2pI
Who are the Shadow Brokers? Hacker group may have leaked NSA docs used in international cyberattack
Fast Company - After ransomware attacks paralyzed computers across the world today, including some at hospitals throughout England, exp
SUSE Security Breach (Again) and Tumbleweed Update
 Several openSUSE services disabled due to a security breach We have been informed of a security breach of the MF authentication system used by several openSUSE services. As a result, the openSUSE services using this authentication method are immediately 
Mind-Hack 18: Blockchain Bitcoin Fintech
Recently, there is a lots of news regarding the world-revolutionise technology - blokchain. All begin in 2008 when Bitcoin was introduced by a "Japanese" guys who is still a mystery until now. Bitcoin is a product of blockchain technology, and also one o
WikiLeaks offers US$100k for the Trump-Comey tapes. To increase the reward send Bitcoin to this address
WikiLeaks offers US$100k for the Trump-Comey tapes. To increase the reward send Bitcoin to this address http://ift.tt/2qAZ7Uk Filed under: Bitcoin  
Police arrest counterfeit cash suspects thanks to public
Police located suspects connected to using counterfeit bills at businesses in Campbellford thanks to complaints from the public. 
Amazon’s Echo calling doesn’t let you block people
The new Alexa feature has some major privacy flaws.
What is WCry or WanaCrypt0r ransomware?
     NHS and systems worldwide taken down by WanaCrypt0r 2.0. But what is it, who's behind it and where does it come from?           
Global Ransomware Attack Used NSA Hacking Tools “At A Scale Never Seen Before”
Update: In a shocking revelation, The FT reports that hackers responsible for the wave of cyber attacks that struck organisations across the globe used tools stolen from the US National Security Agency. A hacking tool known as “eternal blue”, developed by
Breaking: Ongoing Ransomware Cyber Attack
There is an ongoing cyber attack, specifically a ransomware attack, ongoing across Europe, the US, and Asia.  Cyber attack reported in 74 countries with UK, US, China, Russia, Spain, Italy and Taiwan among those affected https://t.co/an8tfofXww — BBC Brea
Wikileaks Makes Bombshell Announcement About Stephen Colbert
Wikileaks has uncovered more collusion between the mainstream media and the Democrats.  A newly discovered email exposes Stephen Colbert and John Podesta working together to push the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) as far back as 2013. Stephen Colbert’s r
Ransomware Hits UK's National Health Service: Reports
A ransomware virus has spread to several countries and affected Britain's national health service, according to published reports.
[Tweet] Botnet Sending 5 Million Emails Per Hour to Spread Jaff Ransomware https://t.co/FWd2mnCqks #CyberSecurity https://t.co/9qxfJ71XFT
Botnet Sending 5 Million Emails Per Hour to Spread Jaff Ransomware https://t.co/FWd2mnCqks #CyberSecurity https://t.co/9qxfJ71XFT
#AceNewsReport Hospitals across England have been hit by a “ransomware attack,” leaving patient files inaccessible.… http://ift.tt/2rap7mE #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
Hospitals across England have been hit by a "ransomware attack," leaving patient files inaccessible. https://t.co/BKy06G8N0J http://pic.twitter.com/CnFzd97s5U — ABC News (@ABC) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#ABC #AceNewsDeskFiled under: #A
UK NHS experiences ransomware cyberattack
Body: A cyberattack on the National Health Services in the United Kingdom spread into many parts of the country. While there are reports that patient information has not been accessed, the hack is being identified through tweets and images of the ransomwa
Jaff Ransomware Targets Millions, While vCrypt1 Attacks on the Cheap
Jaff Ransomware Targets Millions, While vCrypt1 Attacks on the CheapRansomware is a great source of income for many crime groups, but not all variants are created equal. Two new strains, Jaff and vCrypt1, demonstrate the (very) opposite ends of the spectr
New "Jaff" Ransomware Asks $3,150 Payment
Using the Necurs botnet, cybercriminals are sending out 5 million emails per hour to try to spread a new form of ransomware call "Jaff"....
[Tweet] Leaked NSA Exploit Spreading Ransomware Worldwide https://t.co/8RLvXMxxxB #CyberSecurity https://t.co/hncaR3VpvF
Leaked NSA Exploit Spreading Ransomware Worldwide https://t.co/8RLvXMxxxB #CyberSecurity https://t.co/hncaR3VpvF
Worldwide ransomware hack hits hospitals, phone companies   - CNET
The ransomware attack that hit 16 NHS hospitals in the UK also hit up to 52,000 devices across 12 countries using a leaked exploit first discovered by the NSA.
How to protect yourself from ransomware (Telegraph (UK))
How to protect yourself from ransomware (Telegraph (UK))
[Tweet] Google’s PHP API client has XSS vulnerability via @rightrelevance https://t.co/TRILCt6mBN https://t.co/CUffhdJolM
Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability via @rightrelevance https://t.co/TRILCt6mBN https://t.co/CUffhdJolM
State Data Breach Notification Laws
Foley & Lardner LLP
Iron Force Money Hack Key. Iron Force Hack Ios Download
 JUST GRAB IRON FORCE RESOURCES!    This amazing tool has much options and features like Add Unlimited Diamonds. Before use. b...
Corruption Currents: Ransomware Attacks Cause Global Chaos
Ransomware attacks hit institutions in at least 74 countries on Friday; Telefonica in Spain is one of them.
Si pi, hutria angelina mamentu, hapzi ali, coso enterprise risk management (coso erm), universitas mercu buana, 2017
 Tugas Quiz
Ransomware Attack Comes One Day After Trump's Cyber Security Order
Ransomware Attack Comes One Day After Trump's Cyber Security Order
Gamers and Gamblers Are the New Targets for DDoS Attacks In Hong Kong
A sudden DDoS attack targeting gaming and gambling sites in Hong Kong is believed to have been an extortion attempt, according to security expert.
Americans Top Target by Ransomware, Symantec Says
Symantec, an antivirus company, released its annual threat report Wednesday stating Americans have the biggest ransomware target on their backs.
Cybergeddon: What do NHS hospitals do now following crippling ransomware cyberattack?
The NHS has gone into meltdown following a computer virus but what can they do about it?
Out-of-Control CIA Continues to be Exposed in WikiLeaks’ Vault 7
Since the initial WikiLeaks Vault 7 drop, which exposed the CIA for its out-of-control spy efforts, most of the follow-up releases have centered around specific pieces of software, used for highly specialized tasks. It would be easy to gloss over the rele
RANSOMWARE ATTACKS WORLDWIDE…
RANSOMWARE ATTACKS WORLDWIDE… NSA HACKING TOOL… CRIPPLES HOSPITALS ACROSS ENGLAND…  Hollywood Overwhelmed With Hack Attacks; FBI Advises 'Pay Ransom'… 
[Tweet] Massive wave of ransomware ongoing, (Fri, May 12th) https://t.co/hGET3WRnxy #CyberSecurity https://t.co/1nv7BJkh9L
Massive wave of ransomware ongoing, (Fri, May 12th) https://t.co/hGET3WRnxy #CyberSecurity https://t.co/1nv7BJkh9L
NHS cyber attack: What is ransomware and how can it be removed?
Preventing cyber attacks must be approached "pro-actively" by the public and it is "critical" businesses do more to protect themselves, security experts have warned. 
Twelve countries are hit with cyberattacks said to come from a leaked NSA hacking tool
The attack involved ransomware, a kind of malware that encrypts data and locks out the user.
HP laptops shipping with audio drivers that have built-in keylogger; HP rolling out a fix
An audio driver developed by Conexant and pre-installed on dozens of HP laptops might be recording every keystroke in an unencrypted file on the hard drive, according to Swiss security firm Modzero.     The reason behind recording keystrokes doesn’t seem 
Cyberattack hits dozen of nations 'using leaked NSA hacking tool'
Scope of attack remains unclear as British health system, Spanish telecommunications company targeted; authorities identified type of malware as 'Wanna Cry'
Using Copyleaks Plagiarism Checker add-in for Microsoft Word
One of the biggest disappointment for teachers is to find their students committing an act of plagiarism. Plagiarism can erode learning. As such, it remains one of the biggest concerns for teachers. While teachers can easily spot whether the work [...] Th
Ransomware attacks reported in Europe
Ransomware attacks reported in Europe                                     12 May 2017       From the section Technology                                                                                   A massive ransomware campaign appears to have attacke
Thousands of ransomware cyberattacks reported worldwide — RT News
Thousands of ransomware cyberattacks reported worldwide — RT Newsexplicita
Massive worldwide ransomware attack sweeps across UK, Europe and beyond
A string of ransomware attacks has compromised multiple organizations worldwide, including a number of hospitals in the United Kingdom, Spanish telecommunications company Telefonica S.A. and others. The U.K.'s National Health Service has confirmed that up
Ransomware Attack Targeting Microsoft Windows Hits Spanish Telco Giant Telefonica
Fortune - Spain said on Friday a large number of companies, including telecommunications giant Telefonica, had been infected with ransomware.
Massive ransomware cyber attack reported worldwide
A large number of organisations worldwide have reportedly been hit by massive cyber attacks in which a malicious software known as ransomware locks up computers and demands ransoms.
Massive Ransomware Wanna Decryptor Attack is Global
Even China is not save from the massive ransomware attack happening on computers around the world on Friday. The outbreak was first reported in the UK, where hospital computers suddenly got locked by ransomware demanding $300 in bitcoin to give back accce
Wikileaks Offers $100k Reward for Trump-comey ‘Tapes’
WikiLeaks has offered a $100,000 reward for any recordings of President Donald Trump's conversations with former FBI Director James Comey.
#AceNewsReport RT @ReutersWorld: Telefonica, other Spanish firms hit in “ransomware” attack https://t.co/MrqGwNNpsV http://ift.tt/2r8MEmU #AceNewsDesk.@AceDailyNews
Telefonica, other Spanish firms hit in "ransomware" attack https://t.co/MrqGwNNpsV http://pic.twitter.com/H99Lfl0pat — Reuters World (@ReutersWorld) May 12, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js#AceNewsDeskFiled under: #AceNewsDesk Tagged: #AceNewsDesk T
British hospital workers were warned of 'ransomware' threat
LONDON (Reuters) - British hospital workers were warned on Friday that they were at threat from malicious software known as 'ransomware' that locks up computers and demands ransoms to restore access, according to an email seen by Reuters. "The Trust has b
Google revises app review process following phishing attacks
Engadget - In the wake of the Google Docs phishing debacle last week, Google has added a few new safeguards to better protect us from these types of attacks. The Gmail app...
What to expect from the Market of Mobile Payment Security Software and know the Market scenario 2022?
“Global Mobile Payment Security Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. Market research reports of the global Mobile Payment Security Software market includes detailed segmen
Why Access Rights Management should be an enterprise priority
In some ways, the new research claiming that people are still the biggest threat to cyber security is hardly surprising; this has been the case for years now. What is surprising is that even with the GDPR only one year away, this hasn't moved on. It seems
Ransomware Attack Hits More than 70,000 Systems Worldwide | TWiT Bits
 WannaCry takes advantage of a vulnerability in the Microsoft Server Message Block 1.0 (SMBv1) server and demands payment of $600 in BitCoin per infected system. The TWiET riot discuss the impact, as well as the widespread issue of users not updating thei
NSA HACKING TOOL...
     NSA HACKING TOOL...        (Third column, 2nd story, link)     Related stories: RANSOMWARE ATTACKS WORLDWIDE... CRIPPLES HOSPITALS ACROSS ENGLAND...          
Cash starved trust warned outdated IT posed malware risk
A London trust that has been starved of capital investment reported earlier this month that it had been experiencing a “large increase” of ransomware attacks and was replacing outdated IT equipment in response.
Davies keen to exploit late race pace
Chaz Davies says improvements with his race pace on used tyres with his Aruba.it Racing Ducati could be key for victories at Imola
British healthcare system hit by 'ransomware' cyberattack
A "ransomware" cyberattack hit Britain's national healthcare system Friday, affecting more than a dozen departments in what authorities called a "major" strike.
What Is The FCC Hiding With Unproven Claim Of DDOS Attack?
For Evan Greer for Fight For The Future - Thousands of people have signed a petition calling for the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to come clean about alleged DDoS attacks that the agency claims occurred at the exact same time that comments woul
Thousands Of Ransomware Cyberattacks Reported Worldwide
A ransomware virus is reported to be spreading aggressively around the globe, with over 50,000 computers having been targeted. The virus infects computer files and then demands money to unblock them. An increase in activity of the malware was noticed star
Cyber Security Stocks Mixed as Worldwide Ransomware Attack Hits
                            Click to view a price quote on HACK.               Click to research the Financial Services industry.
Ransomware - Questions and answers
A type of computer virus is causing havoc in British hospitals, a Spanish telecoms company and many other organisations in dozens of countries around the world today. Here are some key questions addressed.
What is Bitcoin and how much are the NHS cyber attack ransomware hackers demanding? – The Sun
What is Bitcoin and how much are the NHS cyber attack ransomware hackers demanding? – The Sun http://ift.tt/2qAY4E4 Filed under: News  
The Samsung Z4 is Tizen’s new flagship smartphone
                          Next week, most of the tech press will be focused on Google I/O 2017, Google's big developer conference. But Samsung just happens to be holding its own competing conference at the same time: the Tizen Developer Conference 2017. H
White House refuses to deny Trump recorded conversations with FBI director as Wikileaks offers $100,000 for 'tape'
A White House spokesman also gave a no comment response when asked if Trump is currently recording conversations in the Oval Office
Samsung Z4 ditches Android for Tizen – SlashGear
 SlashGear  Samsung Z4 ditches Android for TizenSlashGearIt isn't too often we see Samsung release a phone running its Tizen operating system, but today it's doing just that with the Samsung Z4. The next phone in the Z-series, this is an entry-level phone
NHS Hospitals Putting Data At Risk With Outdated Windows XP
NHS Hospitals Putting Data At Risk With Outdated Windows XP: iandsharman:   So, here’s an article from December which shows that today’s cyber attack was completely unpredictable, the government knew that the NHS’s computers were vulnerable and that nothi
Keylogger Found In HP Audio Driver
Swiss security researcher ModZero claims that it has discovered an audio driver installed on several HP laptops that contains a feature that secretly records every keystroke entered into the computer.
'Ransomware' cyber attacks reported worldwide
PressTV - Organizations in several countries have reported they have been attacked by a malicious software known as ransomware.
Technology Transfer Service launching bug bounty
The Technology Transformation Service is looking to hackers they've never met to help secure its wares. TTS, a wing of the General Services Administration that helps agencies develop public-facing tech products, announced in a blog&...
Nuneaton hospital hit with ransomware cyber attack
IT systems had to be shut down and appointments have been cancelled
Ransomware used in huge hack is now spreading across the world
The malware used in the huge NHS hack is now spreading across the world. The problems are hitting people and companies across Europe and Asia, according to experts.&nbsp;
UK Hospitals Fall Victim to Ransomware Attack
Numerous hospitals across Britain were affected by the ransomware, requiring them to shut down their IT systems and turn patients away.   
New Jaff Ransomware Part Of Active Necurs Spam Blitz
A new malware family called Jaff has been identified by researchers who say they are currently tracking multiple and massive spam campaigns distributing the malware via the Necurs botnet.
NHS cyber attack: Bristol hospital staff urged to remain vigilant after 16 trusts affected by ‘ransomware’
 Trusts across the UK are facing threats from ‘ransomware’ which threatens to delete files if money is not handed over Reported by Bristol Post 22 minutes ago.
Russia blamed for DDoS attacks on Baltic Power grid
The Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian power grids have all been targeted by Russia undergoing a series of limited Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) over the last few years that may be probing for weaknesses.
WannaCry ransomware hits systems worldwide
The WannaCry ransomware is hitting organisations around the world - including the UK's National Health Service - assisted by a vulnerability that the NSA chose to keep secret from MIcrosoft. 
Telefonica, NHS Hit by Massive Ransomware Attacks
Leaked 'Shadow Brokers' Exploit Apparently Used Against Both Organizations Ransomware attacks appear to have compromised Spanish telco Telefonica as well as multiple National Health Service trusts in England. It's unclear if the two attacks are related. I
WannaCry Ransomware Hits Hospitals | TWiT Bits
 Megan Morrone and Jason Howell talk to Iain Thompson from The Register about the latest strain of ransomware. The new and especially virulent strain of ransomware is spreading across the globe crippling the National Health Service hospitals in the UK and
Samsung's Tizen 3.0 OS powered Samsung Z4 to launch soon in India
South Korean electronics major Samsung, expanding its Tizen ecosystem has announced a new smartphone called the Samsung Z4. The Samsung Z4 will run the in-house Tizen 3.0 OS that is light weight and aims to combine performance and essential features while
Keylogger Discovered in Audio Drivers of HP Laptops
A keylogger discovered in the audio driver of HP laptops may expose user's keystrokes, including passwords, to hackers and third parties.
Ransomware attack on the NHS
A large part of the UK's National Health Service has been attacked by a ransomware virus. The effect is patchy across the country, but many hospitals have lost access to their patient records and are accepting only emergency patients. A ransom in bitcoin 
British hospitals hit with huge ransomware attack. Are U.S. hospitals next?
San Diego Union Tribune - US health care shares some of Britain's vulnerabilities
Doctors were locked out of patient records after a UK ransomware attack
The National Health Service (NHS) says 16 of its organizations were attacked with ransomware today (May 12), locking doctors out of patient records and reportedly forcing emergency rooms to send patients to other hospitals. "The investigation is at an ear
Ransomware hackers have stolen hospitals and doctors' offices across the UK, using a leaked NSA cyberweapon
Boing Boing - 25 NHS trusts and multiple doctors' practices in England (but so far, not Scotland, Northern Ireland or Wales)g report that they have had to effectively shut down due to a massive Wcry ransomware infection that has stolen whole swathes of th
Russian Hacker Claims FBI Offered Him Immunity to Lie and frame Trump!
Russian Hacker Claims FBI Offered Him Citizenship, Immunity and Apartment If he Confessed to Hacking Clinton’s Inbox to Help Trump Link to story  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/...ail-leaks/ Comey is in some very deep sh*t. Do is the entire ISIS 
UPDATE 4-Hospitals turn away patients after 'ransomware' attack on UK health services
LONDON, May 12 (Reuters) - Hospitals and doctors' surgeries across Britain were forced to divert ambulances, turn away patients and cancel appointments on Friday after a 'ransomware' cyber attack crippled some computer systems in the state-run health serv
4TR United States challenged to keep up with cyber threats
4 the Record broadcast May 14, 2017
Up to 74 countries affected in ransomware cyber attack up-to-74-countries-affected-in-ransomware-cyber-attack
A fast-moving wave of cyberattacks swept the globe Friday, apparently exploiting a flaw exposed in documents leaked from the US National Security Agency. Submitted by Pami W to Science & Tech  |  Note-it! |  Add a Comment 
WikiLeaks trolls Trump hard over president’s ‘Comey tapes’ tweet
 WikiLeaks has poked fun at US President Donald Trump on Twitter, appealing for taped conversations between former FBI Director James Comey and the commander-in-chief.  Read Full Article at RT.com
NHS Ransomware Attack Goes Global, Affecting Tens of Thousands
NHS Ransomware Attack Goes Global, Affecting Tens of ThousandsThe National Health Service (NHS) in the UK has confirmed that 16 different NHS organizations have been affected by the brand-new Wanna Decryptor 2.0 ransomware—while it has emerged that the ca
HP issues patch for keylogger found on dozens of laptop models
PC Gamer - News broke yesterday that several of HP's laptop models dating back to December 2015 contain a keylogger as part of an audio driver provided by Conexant. In the wake of media and user scrutiny over the issue, HP is providing a fix.The keyloggin
NHS cyber attack: North East hospitals targeted in ransomware attack
Northumbria NHS Trust was one of a number of trusts across England to be targeted in the worrying cyber attack
British hospitals hit by ransomware cyberattack
Hospitals across England have been hit by a "ransomware attack," according to the National Health Service.
Hacking for cash: Ransomware threats on the rise
Sky News - With hospitals struggling with a large cyberattack, find out how the ransomware threat is growing at an alarming rate.
Federal Officials Testify on Student Aid Data Breach : CSPAN3 : May 12, 2017 1:31pm-4:09pm EDT
IRS and Education Department officials testified at a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on a recent data breach of Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) records, which could affect up to 100,000 people.... This item belong
Obama must 'exploit' shooting
A veteran Democratic lawmaker believes the nation will go along with stronger gun control laws if President Obama "exploits" the Newtown, Conn., tragedy and nudges Congress to action. Read more: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/dec/14/dem-lawmaker
Patients urged to avoid A&E after NHS hit by major ransomware cyber attack
The ransomware attack, using malware called “Wanna Decryptor”, has hit NHS centres across the country.
England, Spain, Russia, other countries reeling from ransomware attack
San Diego Union-Tribune - The program, which locks computers, also has reached U.S.
UK NHS Says Hit By Massive Ransomware Cyberattack
Reported by RIA Nov. 40 seconds ago.
NSA tools at center of ransomware attacks hitting UK hospitals: report
A widespread ransomware attack hit multiple European countries on Friday, locking up computers and ransoming access in exchange for large Bitcoin payments, and also hit the UK's National Health Service, affecting computers at hospitals and doctors' office
Mocana CEO and CTO to Speak about Cybersecurity and Making IoT Devices Trustworthy at IoT World 2017
Expo Attendees Will Discover How Mocana's IoT Security Platform is Used to Make Critical Devices and Infrastructure Trustworthy Reported by Marketwired 3 minutes ago.
What is 'Wanna Decryptor'? A look at the ransomware that brought down the NHS
 A virus potentially derived from the CryptoLocker malware crippled NHS trusts across the UK today 
Why It’s Unlikely The NHS Was Deliberately Targeted In The Ransomware Attack
James Ball reports for BuzzFeed News: On Friday afternoon, NHS hospitals across England and Scotland fell victim to a cyberattack that caused ambulances to be diverted, equipment to shut down, and clinical services to be disrupted. The attack has prompted
Android device updates: Android Nougat finally comes to the unlocked Galaxy S7 Edge
 It’s the quiet before the storm in the world of Android. Google I/O is next week, when we’re likely to hear more about Android O and other initiatives going on at the Googleplex.  In the meantime, owners of the unlocked Galaxy S7 Edge and Huawei Wear bot
New ransomware Jaff demands $3,700 payments
Attackers behind the highly successful Locky and Bart ransomware campaigns have returned with a new creation: A malicious file-encrypting program called Jaff that asks victims for payments of around $3,700. Reported by ITworld 2 hours ago.
US judge asks for criminal investigation into Uber's alleged self-driving IP theft from Waymo
A lawsuit against Uber by Alphabet's self-driving unit, Waymo, has been referred to the U.S. Department of Justice for an investigation of possible theft of trade secrets, escalating the battle between the two companies. Reported by AppleInsider 59 minute
Wikileaks: Libya invests $30 million in Liberian rice development
22 Dec 2009 | Wikileaks "Without significant road improvements, it is unlikely that the ADA rice will reach markets in Maryland, River Gee, or Grand Kru and Liberia will continue with an insecure food supply."
Wikileaks: Investing in food security: Experts address Responsible Agricultural Investment at global Donor Platform meeting
04 Feb 2010 | Wikileaks US government cable discusses 24 January 2010 meeting organised by Swiss Development Corporation, UN Food and Agriculture Organization and International Fund for Agricultural Investment on "Land, Investment, and Development," atten
Wikileaks: Kuwaiti food security: Less than meets the eye...
15 Dec 2009 | Wikileaks US embassy in Kuwait reports on discussions with Kuwaiti officials on acquiring farmland overseas for food security or profit
Wikileaks: Qatari food company adapts investment strategy to concerns of partner countries
03 Sep 2009 | Wikileaks A Hassad Food advisor explained to Emboff September 3 that the company tailors its involvement in each country to the preferences of its partner in order to minimize local "backlash" to the company's actions.
Wikileaks: Sudan: China poised for key role in post 2011 agriculture
11 Feb 2010 | Wikileaks "The People's Republic of China (PRC) is encouraging Chinese private enterprises to invest heavily in Sudan's agriculture sector, Lee "Ali" Wei Zheng, Commercial Officer for the Chinese Embassy, told PolEconOff February 3," reports
Wikileaks: Saudi foreign agriculture investment plans: Opportunities for increased trade, assistance, and US jobs
24 Jan 2010 | Wikileaks US government mission in Riyadh writes, "Although the idea of Saudi farms in Africa may sound farfetched, the Kingdom has for years hired foreign managers and laborers to administer its farms and other agribusinesses (e.g., most Sa
Wikileaks: Kazakhstan: Chinese land-lease deal stirs up controversy
22 Feb 2010 | Wikileaks "Despite a December 23, 2009, Interfax press report that President Nazarbayev instructed the prosecutors to punish those who disseminate information about the sale of land to foreigners, opposition leaders have continued to advocat
Wikileaks: Ethiopia seeks dramatic change in agricultural land use
10 Dec 2009 | Wikileaks "This apparent rush to lease so much farmland, much or all of it to foreign interests, during a time of worsening food insecurity should raise concern within the donor community about GoE motivations and negotiating capacity," writ
Wikileaks: Saudi Arabia investing in Ethiopia to improve food security
01 Nov 2009 | Wikileaks Representatives from the Ministries of Agriculture, Commerce and Industry, Finance, and Transportation will participate in a forum on November 14-15 [2009] in Addis Ababa to officially mark the beginning of a cooperative project un
Wikileaks: Vietnamese consul: Labor agreements with Qatar "just paper"
03 Nov 2009 | Wikileaks "Qatar is in the process of formulating a national strategy for food security that we expect to shift from a focus on land ownership in developing countries to land leases and joint ventures with the private sector in developed cou
Wikileaks: Brazil criticizes China over "land grabs" in Africa
26 Feb 2010 | Wikileaks "At an UNCTAD meeting on investment in agriculture on February 3, China became the central focus of criticism amid a chorus of concerns about the economic, food security, environmental and social impact of large foreign purchases o
Wikileaks: Qatar sharpening focus on food security and related technologies
16 Dec 2009 | Wikileaks "Hassad [Food] has innovated by considering investments in overseas agribusinesses rather than only purchasing land in countries with questionable property rights, and where the indigenous population may not benefit from such purch
Wikileaks: Rome agencies on voluntary "code of conduct" for responsible agro-investments
28 Jan 2010 | Wikileaks US government mission in Rome discusses FAO's work to develop principles for international farmland "investments"
Wikileaks: UAE develops food security policy
24 Nov 2009 | Wikileaks "Al Shariqi said that while the government does not have foreign agricultural investments, some UAE sheikhs personally own land in Pakistan, Egypt, Australia and New Zealand," reports the US mission in Abu Dhabi
'This is huge': At least 36,000 WannaCry ransomware attacks detected across Europe, Asia
The WannaCry ransomware has infected users in 11 countries, including Russia, Germany, Japan, Indonesia, Vietnam, and the Philippines, researchers behind the MalwareHunterTeam Twitter account say.
Massive wave of ransomware ongoing, (Fri, May 12th)
For a few hours, bad news are spreading quickly about a massive wave of infections by a new ranso ...
Mobile internet becomes main banking channel in Brazil
Mobile banking has become the main channel for banking transactions in Brazil … of Banks (Febraban). The survey indicated that 34 percent of banking transactions … 2015.     In absolute terms, mobile banking accounted for 21.9 billion … of 65 billion bank
Telecom Tweets of the Week: Telefónica hit by major ransomware attack (Kelly Hill/RCR Wireless News)
Kelly Hill / RCR Wireless NewsTelecom Tweets of the Week: Telefónica hit by major ransomware attack - Ransomware has taken over an internal network at Spanish operator Telefnica and other companies throughout Europe, with Reuters reporting that the ransom
Samsung's Tizen is more popular than Google's Android Wear
Digital Trends - For the first time ever in the smartwatch market, Samsung's Tizen operating system has overtake Google's Android Wear. The news marks quite a shift in the smartwatch market, and shows that Samsung's decision to ditch Android Wear has paid
Ransomware infections reported around the world Friday, with companies and institutions hit in UK, US, Spain, Italy, China, Russia, Vietnam, Taiwan, more (Chris Baraniuk/BBC)
Chris Baraniuk / BBC:Ransomware infections reported around the world Friday, with companies and institutions hit in UK, US, Spain, Italy, China, Russia, Vietnam, Taiwan, more A massive ransomware campaign appears to have attacked a number of organisations
What is ransomware? All about the virus causing 'chaos' in UK
NHS trusts around the UK have been hit by hackers
NHS Cyber-Attack: GPs and Hospitals Hit by Ransomware
BBC News reports: NHS services across England and some in Scotland have been hit by a large-scale cyber-attack. Staff cannot access patient data, which has been scrambled by ransomware. There is no evidence patient data has been compromised, NHS Digital h
New Ransomware 'Jaff' Spotted; Malware Groups Pushing 5M Emails Per Hour To Circulate It
An anonymous reader writes: The Necurs botnet has been harnessed to fling a new strain of ransomware dubbed "Jaff". Jaff spreads in a similar way to the infamous file-encrypting malware Locky and even uses the same payment site template, but is nonetheles
IBM Blockchain Experts to speak at K(NO)W Identity Conference
ARMONK, N.Y., May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- IBM (NYSE: IBM) today announced that Jerry Cuomo, Vice President, Blockchain Technology, IBM, and Jai Arun, Program Director, Blockchain and Identity Solutions will speak at the K(NO)W Identity Conference taking 
Millions of identities stolen from education platform Edmodo
The account details of millions of subscribers to the education platform Edmodo have not only been stolen but witnessed to be for sale on the dark web.
Spain, UK come under 'ransomware' cyber attack.
Spain's government warned on Friday that a large number of companies had been attacked by cyber criminals who infected computers with malicious software known as “ransomware”, while Britain's health service also came under attack. Silvia Antonioli reports
Mass ransomware attack may be exploiting unpatched Microsoft SMB MS17-010 vulnerability using NSA tools
     WannaCry/WanaCrypt0r 2.0 attachers probably using the NSA EternalBlue exploit to hit Windows SMB vulnerability           
Hospitals Across England Infected With Ransomware, Leaving Patients Without Care
England's healthcare system fell victim to a massive cyberattack Friday afternoon, forcing several hospitals to divert emergency patients to other facilities. Ransomware appears to be the cause.Read more...
Soldiers sent hate-SMS messages from rogue base stations
The culprit exploits a design feature of older 2G networks in a type of man-in-the-middle attack
Samsung's latest smartphone shuns Android for Tizen
Samsung has announced a new entry-level smartphone that runs the company's own Tizen operating system instead of Google's Android. It joins a growing number of Tizen devices and is intended to appeal to first-time smartphone buyers.
Samsung’s Tizen just overtook Android Wear in the smartwatch OS space
For the first time ever in the smartwatch market, Samsung's Tizen operating system has overtake Google's Android Wear. The news marks quite a shift in the smartwatch market, and shows that Samsung's decision to ditch Android Wear has paid off. The post Sa
Criminals used leaked NSA cyberweapon in crippling ransomware attack, experts say
        The attackers exploited a software bug that was also used by U.S. spies, and patched by Microsoft in March. 
NHS cyber attack: What is ransomware?
THE NHS has been hit with a major cyber attack that has crippled its services as patients are urged to avoid A&E.
Report: UK Hospitals among Victims of Massive Ransomware Attack
In-brief: Hospitals across England were forced to divert patients from emergency departments after suffering what has been described as a cyber attack involving ransomware, according to published reports and a statement from the UK's National Health Servi
Ransomware attack targets British health service
LONDON - Computer and phone systems in more than a dozen hospitals and doctor's offices across England suffered large-scale failures Friday in a suspected cyberattack.The BBC broadcast a screen-shot of a message apparently sent to the National Health Serv
RANSOMWARE ATTACKS REPORTED WORLDWIDE...
     RANSOMWARE ATTACKS REPORTED WORLDWIDE...        (Third column, 1st story, link)     Related stories: Cripples Hospitals Across UK... Patient chaos...      
Telefonica WannaCry Ransomware: One Of Spain's Largest Telecom Companies Hit By Cyberattack
Telefonica, one of the largest telecommunications companies in Spain, was hit by a cyberattack Friday that left hundreds of the company’s computers inaccessible because of a ransomware outbreak. According to the Spanish newspaper El Mundo, a malware varia
'Ransomware' Cyber Attack Cripples Computer Systems In Britain's Hospitals
LONDON, May 12 (Reuters) - Hospitals and doctors’ surgeries across England were forced to turn away patients and cancel appointments on Friday after a nationwide ‘ransomware’ cyber attack crippled some computer systems in the state-run health service. The
7 Florida Men Charged in Global Tech Support Scheme
Federal fraud charges have been filed against seven men for their involvement in an international tech support scam.
Wikileaks: Food aid vs food security: An opportunity in the Gulf
26 Aug 2011 | Wikileaks "Supporting partnerships between Gulf countries and American farmers to advance their own food security agendas would not only constitute a major boon for our farmers, but would also put the USG in a better position to partner with
Immediate Action Required: Critical Security Advisory – Wannacry Ransomware!
Ransomware has become such a pervasive threat to industry and the public at large, that it is now a household name. More recently, however, the vectors through which the virus spreads have changed, making ransomware more dangerous than ever before.
NHS hack: former GCHQ deputy director slams NHS reaction, and wider security industry
           Brian Lord OBE, former Deputy Director GCHQ Cyber and Intelligence, says some trusts were forced to completely shut down due to poor secuerity hygiene, whilst the security industry is guilty of confusing customers with overcomplicated solutions
Global Ransomware Attack Strikes 70K Systems (& Counting)
A wave of ransomware attacks based on a Shadow Brokers vulnerability strikes Telefonica and organizations worldwide.
Bitcoin Linked to Major Hospital Cyberattack: UK Media
                                Bitcoin is coming in for negative media attention as a second cyber attack cripples the UK’s state hospital networks. 
PhD researcher in comparative information law and data protection at Tilburg Law School
Tilburg Law School is looking for a PhD researcher with a background in law, specifically, comparative law and/or one or more of the following areas of information law: constitutional law dealing with information; intellectual property law; criminal law
Telefonica, other Spanish firms hit in ‘ransomware’ attack
A padlock is displayed at the Alert Logic booth during the 2016 Black Hat cyber-security conference in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S. August 3, 2016. REUTERS/David Becker May 12, 2017 MADRID (Reute
Resolve Enterprise-Wide IT & Security Operations Incident Response and Automation Platform Live at the Incident Resolution Summit in Munich
IRVINE, California, May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Resolve Systems – Resolve Systems®, the only enterprise-wide incident response   and automation platform for IT Operations, Security Operations, Network Operations, and Service Desk teams, joined executive 
It Appears That Trump May Have Just Falsely Accused Himself of Wiretapping Himself
Slate - Our dumb moment gets dumber.
Breaking: ransomware attack on NHS hospitals all over the UK
UK hospitals have reportedly been hit with a massive coordinated ransomware attack
Carey Watermark Investors 2 Inc (0001609471) (Filer)
10-Q
Self-Driving Car Experts Build A Security Camera That Can Understand What's Going On At Home
By using 3D sensors and the latest AI techniques, a security camera can begin to understand what it's seeing.
Credit card fraud alerts are up, but mainly for big earners and higher education
WKYC NBC Cleveland - Credit and debit card fraud alerts are up 15 percent from two years ago, according to a new CreditCards.com report. But many are false.
Data Domain: netmon process repeatedly crashing in DDOS 6.0, or causing DD reboots due to OOM (Out Of Memory)
Article Number: 492781 Article Title and Link for Registered Users: Data Domain: netmon process repeatedly crashing in DDOS 6.0, or causing DD reboots due to OOM (Out Of Memory) Affected Product(s): Data Domain Article Summary: This article describes
‘.loptr File Extension’ Ransomware
The '.loptr File Extension' Ransomware is an encryption Trojan which is based on the Locky Ransomware. This iteration of the Locky Trojan is named after the '.loptr' string attached to the original file extension of encrypted data. For example, 'Rasberry 
What is WannaCry and how does ransomware work? (Telegraph (UK))
What is WannaCry and how does ransomware work? (Telegraph (UK))
‘Ransomware’ attack hits over 70 countries
A huge extortion cyberattack hit dozens of nations Friday, holding computer data for ransom at hospitals, telecommunications firms and other companies. The attack appeared to exploit a vulnerability purportedly identified for use by the U.S. National Secu
Ransomware attack believed to be biggest of its kind
Dozens of countries were hit with a huge cyberextortion attack Friday that locked up computers and held users' files for ransom at a multitude of hospitals, companies and government agencies. 
VA warns of copycat phone scam targeting veterans
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is warning a phone line is taking advantage of veterans who misdial a program. The phone number for the Veterans Choice Program is 866-606-8198, while the impostor line is 800-606-8198. The VA said the 
Apple Pay Vs PayPal: Apple's Digital Wallet Could Be The Next Big Thing For Luxury Fashion Markets
Apple Pay may become a major player in the fashion industry, because mobile payment apps are redefining the ways people go shopping. According to a 2016 survey by the Pew Research Center, 15 percent of Americans buy something online every week.
‘Ransomware' cyber attack strikes England’s healthcare system, appointments cancelled, ambulances diverted
LONDON, U.K. - In a shocking large-scare cyberattack that struck the core of England’s healthcare system - dozens of hospitals and doctor’s clinics suffered computer and telecom failure
Biggest Bitcoin Casino Jackpot Winner
Click here to view original web page at www.livebitcoinnews.com Since inception the digital crypto-currency Bitcoin has made a meteoric rise across the globe and infiltrated numerous gambling entities. With its innovative currency players are given the ul
Ransomware outbreak slams Telefónica, huge security flap in Spain
Reported by The Register 47 minutes ago.
WikiLeaks – Vault 7: Projects
Fonte: WikiLeaks – Vault 7: Projects     
Avast blocks the entire internet – again
An Avast software update pushed out on Wednesday is preventing web access for at least some devices running the firm's freebie anti-malware software. Users affected by the problem have started threads (here and here among others) on Avast's support forum.
TWiET 239: Kingston SSDs, Build, and European Ransomware
 Conversation about the Massive changes to the world of solid state storage with Kingston, Lou reports on the Build Conference, and Curt is talking about a breaking Ransomware wave in Europe.  Hosts: Fr. Robert Ballecer, SJ, Curt Franklin, and Louis Mares
Logic Represents the Man in the Middle on 'Everybody' Album
Complete with unbridled lyricism, top-notch production and conceptual brilliance, 'Everybody' is a hallmark release that further solidifies Logic's standing in hip-hop. Continue reading… 
What is 'WanaCrypt0r 2.0' ransomware and why is it attacking the NHS?
Malicious software has attacked computers across the NHS and companies in Spain, Russia, the Ukraine and Taiwan. What is it and how is it holding data to ransom? ‘WanaCrypt0r 2.0’ malicious software has hit the NHS, some of Spain’s largest companies inclu
Fix information act to fight secrecy in Texas government
Keeping our Texas Public Information Act operating effectively takes effort. That’s why open-government advocates have worked with public officials and businesses over the past year to fine-tune the landmark state … Click to Continue »
Cyber attack hits Britain’s state-run National Health Service, causes massive failure
London: Britain's state-run National Health Service (NHS) was hit by an apparent large-scale cyber attack, resulting in a major IT system failure. The post Cyber attack hits Britain's state-run National Health Service, causes massive failure appeared firs
[Tweet] 7,000 affected in Bronx Lebanon Hospital Data Breach via @rightrelevance https://t.co/wmACFHcZ2X https://t.co/VhZhFYN9lh
7,000 affected in Bronx Lebanon Hospital Data Breach via @rightrelevance https://t.co/wmACFHcZ2X https://t.co/VhZhFYN9lh
ActualDragon liked Cat Exploit.
 
Ransomware attack on National Health Service puts bitcoin at the top of UK news
Ransomware attack on National Health Service puts bitcoin at the top of UK news http://ift.tt/2pFVVlp Filed under: Bitcoin  
2017 State of Malware Report
Ransomware is not new however, its distribution is still on the increase. Cybersecurity dominated headlines throughout 2016, gaining attention on both corporate and consumer sides and becoming a key issue in the US presidential election. This report from 
Multiple hospitals across UK hit by ransomware attack, locking staff out of their computers and forcing hospitals to divert emergency patients (Damien Gayle/The Guardian)
Damien Gayle / The Guardian:Multiple hospitals across UK hit by ransomware attack, locking staff out of their computers and forcing hospitals to divert emergency patients Many hospitals having to divert emergency patients, with doctors reporting messages 
Major Cyberattack Hits As Many As 16 British Health Facilities; Ransomware Demanded
Hospitals across England have been hit by a large-scale cyber-attack, the NHS has confirmed, which has locked staff out of their computers and forced many trusts to divert emergency patients. The IT systems of NHS sites across the country appear to have b
The global biometric system market is expected to reach $32.4 billion by 2022
Trends, opportunities and forecast in this market to 2022 by type (physiological and behavioral), by technology (fingerprint, AFIS, iris recognition, facial recognition, hand geometry, vein recognition, signature recognition, voice recognition, and others
Persirai IoT Malware Can Turn Chinese IP Cameras Into a Huge Botnet
Persirai IoT Malware Can Turn Chinese IP Cameras Into a Huge Botnet http://ift.tt/2qdBgXT Filed under: CryptoCurrency  
Comedian demands £10k from Comic Relief over plagiarism
Can the idea of a 'professional heckler' be copyright? 
Hospitals turn away patients after massive "ransomware" attack
    
HP issues patch for keylogger found on dozens of laptop models
Better late than never.
UK hospitals hit with massive ransomware attack
UK hospitals hit with massive ransomware attack
NHS England Cyberattack: Hospitals Throughout UK Hit By Ransomware
National Health Service (NHS) hospitals throughout England were hit by a cyberattack Friday, leaving much of the staff unable to access computers or phones and forcing the hospitals to divert emergency patients.
WannaCryptor Ransomware Strikes NHS Hospitals, Telefonica, and Others
Within a matter of hours, an updated version of WannaCryptor ransomware struck hospitals belonging to the National Health Service (NHS), Telefonica, and several other high-profile targets. News of the attacks first broke on the morning of 12 May, when a d
A.M. BestTV: Insurance Merger & Acquisition Activity Aids Consolidation in Europe and Diversification in London
OLDWICK, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–A.M.BestTV episode, Anthony Silverman, senior financial analyst, A.M. Best, reviews a new Best’s Special Report, which looks at insurance merger and acquisition (M&A) activity trends in Europe. Click on http://www.ambest.com/
Threatpost: Threatpost News Wrap, May 12, 2017
The news of the week is discussed, including this week's Microsoft Malware Protection Engine bug, Handbrake OS X malware, the HP keylogger, Trump's Cybersecurity EO, and more.
Wanna Decryptor: what is the ransomware behind the NHS attack?
                                                                 By: Victoria Woollaston Continue reading...
Bitstamp Now Accepts Credit Cards for Bitcoin Purchases In The US
 Click here to view original web page at www.newsbtc.com Bitcoin exchanges are trying to make the process of buying cryptocurrency more convenient. Bitstamp, one of the world’s leading exchanges, recently enabled credit card support. This means customers 
Russian Hacker Claims FBI Offered Him Citizenship, Immunity and Apartment If he Took Responsibility for Clinton Email Leaks. Note from Orly: FBI agent, who made this offer of fabrication, should go to prison!
 Russian Hacker Claims FBI Offered Him Citizenship, Immunity and Apartment If he Took Responsibility for Clinton Email Leaks
Ransomware outbreak hits Telefónica, huge security flap in Spain
It's happening! Workers at Telefónica's Madrid headquarters were left staring at their screen on Friday following a ransomware outbreak.… 
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange Threatens to Sue Mike Rogers on ‘day one’ if he’s Picked to Lead FBI
WikiLeaks said that Rogers "slandered" Assange.
Samsung Galaxy S8, LG G6 BOGO deals available at T-Mobile
If you are looking to buy a Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ or LG G6, T-Mobile has a very attractive deal on the hottest Android flagships available right now. What is it? If you buy one of the aforementioned smartphones through the magenta carrier you can 
#Tech News: Why Smaller and Safer Is the Key to NXT-ID (NASDAQ: $NXTD) Winning Big with the Internet of Things
May 12, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) There’s no denying the potential for the Internet of Things (IoT), the technology that connects mobile devices, wearables, homes, cars and, realistically, any object anywhere via the Internet. The growth projectio
Large-scale ransomware attack is spreading through hospitals, banks, and telcos
 A massive cyber attack has crippled the IT systems of several NHS hospitals across England, forcing several trusts to redirect emergency patients, and causing chaos. According to The Guardian, computers in several NHS England hospitals have been simultan
Damsel in Distress - How Video Games exploit Women
Feminist video explaining the danger of Mario Brothers: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6p5AZp7r_Q&feature=share&list=PLn4ob_5_ttEaA_vc8F3fjzE62esf9yP61 Start at 11:15 to see the feminist critique of Mario Brothers.... This item belongs to: movies/opensou
Phishing scam: "Subject: Chers clients du compte McGill"
There is a phishing email circulating to users advising that they have exceeded their email account's storage capacity. The email asks users to click on a fraudulent link in order to expand their account's storage limit. See an example of this phishing me
Ransomware Wanna Decryptor causing IT failures across NHS
 London, Hertfordshire, Blackpool, and Cumbria among 16 NHS organisations affected.
Global ransomware campaign takes down hospitals and GP surgeries in the UK - WanaCrypt0r varient believed responsible
     Organisations in Russia, Turkey, Germany, Vietnam, Spain and the Philippines - as well as the NHS in the UK - believed affected           
Ransomware a growing, billion-dollar plague
Hackers hold sensitive data hostage, preying on small firms and others with weak protection Reported by Globe and Mail 3 minutes ago.
Experiments Show That a Few Self-Driving Cars Can Dramatically Improve Traffic Flow
Illinois News BureauResearchers have found that just having a few autonomous vehicles on the road can significantly reduce traffic congestion, lower accident risk, and boost fuel efficiency. "With as few as 5 percent of vehicles being automated and carefu
Data Breaches Top 600 Year to Date, on Pace to Shatter 2016 Record
The Identity Theft Resource Center reported this week that it has recorded 617 data breaches so far in 2017, well ahead of the pace needed to break 2016's record for breaches.
Massive Ransomware Outbreak Highlights Need For A Digital Extortion Decision Tree
5/12/2017 might be another day of cyber-infamy based on malware as hospitals and critical infrastructure providers are locked out of their machines due to what appears to be a new variant of ransomware dubbed WannaCry spreading through corporate networks.
The Latest: UK's Health Service Hit by Ransomware Attack
The Latest on reported cyberattack on Britain's hospitals (all times local):4:20 p.m.Britain's National Health Service says hospitals across the country have been hit by a 'ransomware' cyberattack but there is no evidence that patient data has been access
Big Data Market Is Forecasted To Grow Over $76 Billion By 2020: Hexa Reports
  Get Key Market Research Reports and Insightful Company Profiles  In 2017, "Big Data" vendors will pocket over $57 Billion from hardware, software and professional services revenues. These investments are further expected to grow at a CAGR of approximate
Clinton Campaign Hatched Russian Hacking Narrative 24 Hours After Hillary’s Loss
Shortened title. Full title: Shattered’ Revelation: Clinton Campaign Hatched Russian Hacking Narrative 24 Hours After Hillary’s Loss The new Clinton campaign tell-all, Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign, reveals how Hillary Clinton person
Ransomware attack hits NHS hospitals
 16 NHS organisations have been affected by a ransomware attack
Developing: Multiple NHS trusts across England disrupted by ransomware attack
Digital Health is reporting: Multiple hospitals across England have been hit by a large-scale cyber attack on Friday afternoon, with trusts switching off systems. NHS Digital confirmed to Digital Health News that it is aware of a “cyber security incident”
What is ransomware - and how can hospitals and businesses protect themselves from this type of cyber attack?
 Hackers claim to have taken control of vast amounts of patient data, and are holding it to ransom 
British Hospital Workers Were Warned of 'Ransomware' Threat
LONDON (Reuters) - British hospital workers were warned on Friday that they were at threat from malicious software known as 'ransomware' that locks...
Perimeter Security: Strategies for Data Center Protection
Securing the new perimeter in the age of cloud Read More
'WannaCry' Rapidly Moving Ransomware Attack Spreads to 74 Countries
A wave of ransomware infections took down a wide swath of UK hospitals and is rapidly moving across the globe.
No evidence GP patient data compromised in cyber attack, says EMIS
No evidence has emerged to suggest patient data has been compromised in EMIS Health systems during a cyber attack that has disabled NHS organisations across the country, the UK's largest supplier of GP IT systems has confirmed.
Telefonica hacked: Ransomware cyber attack forces computer shut down
A powerful ransomware cyber attack is spreading across the world, with major telecommunications company Telefonica having reportedly fallen victim to the attack. The attack is appearing all over the world, but is appearing in high concentration in Spain. 
Nigeria: Mobile Biometric Payments to Triple in 2017
[Guardian] The number of mobile payments authenticated by biometrics will rise to nearly two billion this year, up from just over 600 million in 2016.This is according to a new report from Juniper Research, titled "Mobile Payment Security: Biometric Authe
Kerala: RSS worker hacked to death in Kannur, state BJP demands AFSPA
The RSS worker, Biju, in his early 30s, was the 12th accused in the murder of CPI-M worker Dhanaraj, that took place near Payyanur last year.
Secret Audio and Key Recording
Dan Goodin: Almost a year after app developer SilverPush vowed to kill its privacy-threatening software that used inaudible sound embedded into TV commercials to covertly track phone users, the technology is more popular than ever, with more than 200 Andr
Microsoft Pushes IoT as a Service as Competition Heats Up
 In a quiet way, many different businesses are helping to establish a stronger foothold for the Internet of Things (IoT), moving beyond the hype and delivering on the buzzy promises from several years back. As evidence, Microsoft recently launched IoT Cen
Ransomware Attacks Hit Large Computer Networks In An International Rampage
The same malware is being blamed for large-scale attacks in Europe and Asia. In the U.K., hospitals scrambled to cope after the cyberattack crippled their ability to treat patients. (Image credit: Ben Stansall/AFP/Getty Images) 
Ransomware attacks ravage computer networks in dozens of countries
"We'll likely look back at this as a watershed moment," says Sen. Ben Sasse, as malware called Wana Decryptor is blamed for large-scale attacks around the world.
Wikileaks: Obama's private email has been released
WikiLeaks published several messages sent by John Podesta to what appears to be Barack Obama's email address. Video provided by Newsy         
3 London, Ont., men charged in counterfeit currency investigation
3 London, Ont., men charged in counterfeit currency investigation
Netwrix Auditor 9.0 protects data against ransomware
Netwrix Auditor 9.0 protects data against ransomware
New Malware Uses GeoCities, North Korea Interest to Trick Victims
A new threat called Baijiu leverages the GeoCities web service, and heightened interest in North Korea, to deceive victims.
Updated: 48 trusts hit by ransomware attack
Multiple hospital trusts and other NHS organisations are suffering significant IT systems problems following a major ransomware attack.
Major ransomware attack hits multiple hospitals and NHS organisations
Multiple hospital trusts and other NHS organisations are suffering significant IT systems problems amid an apparent major ransomware attack.
[T L Comiskey] re......enough  A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected a numbe...
re......enough  A massive ransomware campaign appears to have infected a number of organisations around the world. Computers in thousands of locations have apparently been locked by a program that demands $300 (£230) in Bitcoin. There have been reports of
Ransomware: Fast-moving cyber attack hits countries around the globe
Hospitals in Britain are crippled and other countries are dealing with major infrastructure problems. 
“Ransomware” cyberattack cripples hospitals across England
LONDON — A large cyberattack crippled computer systems at hospitals across England on Friday, with appointments canceled, phone lines down and patients turned away. Britain's National Health Service said hospitals were hit by an apparent "ransomware" atta
WikiLeaks: CIA Hacked All Major French Parties Before 2012 Presidential Election
This is not covered by the mainstream news at all, and yet they are all outraged by the non existent Russian hacking. https://sputniknews.com/science/201702161050765286-cia-french-parties-wikileaks/WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The CIA officially ordered its age
Irish IoT player to power the eyes of the smart home
Wexford and San Diego-based internet of things (IoT) player Taoglas has been revealed as the wireless magic provider behind the innovative Lighthouse smart camera for securing the smart home. Powered by artificial intelligence, Lighthouse’s interactive as
Ransomware Hits UK's National Health Service: Reports
                            Click to view a price quote on TEFOF.
Fake Mail Generator - Free temporary email addresses
 archived from http://www.fakemailgenerator.com/inbox/dayrep.com/buieful/message-121468255/
NHS cyberattack: Ransomware assault paralyses UK hospitals putting thousands at risk
All non-urgent activity is now being suspended, NHS England said in a statement.
Ransomware: Old Racket, New Look
Security Expert Recommends Kidnapping and Ransom Insurance - for CyberTo better battle ransomware, we must take a page from the lessons learned by the kidnapping and ransom insurance industry in its battle against piracy in the Indian Ocean, Jeremiah Gros
Russian hacker claims FBI offered him [a new life if he would confess to hacking Podesta emails]
Russian hacker claims FBI offered him [a new life if he would confess to hacking Podesta emails] americanthinker.com ^ | Thomas Lifson Posted on 5/12/2017, 10:28:19 AM by RoosterRedux Full Title: Russian hacker claims FBI offered him citizenship and a … C
Hospitals turn patients away as NHS caught up in global ransomware attack
A combination of WannaCrypt0r and a vulnerability harvested from the NSA is forcing the closure of networks around the world including many NHS trusts in the UK.
UK Hospitals Divert Ambulances After 'Ransomware' Cyber Attack
By Costas Pitas and Alistair SmoutLONDON (Reuters) - Hospitals and doctors' surgeries across England were forced to turn away patients and cancel...
Federal judge rules on Uber's lawsuit with Alphabet, Cigna is allowed to walk away from Anthem's merger, and more news.
 UBER A federal judge ruled that Uber cannot handle its lawsuit with Alphabet’s Waymo through private arbitration. He also referred the case to federal prosecutors, and blocked part of Uber’s self-driving car program. CIGNA A Delaware judge turned down An
NHS cyber attack: Ransomware hackers force hospitals across England to divert emergency patients as incident spreads to Scotland
NHS hospitals across England and surgeries in Scotland have been hit by a huge ransomware cyber attack.
NHS hit hard by ransomware
Have a friend working in NHS IT, apparently this is europe wide not just nhs. Santandare an O2 also effected And has something to do with a vulnerability in google chrome (unconfirmed), it didn't come in via an email. ...
Suspect Arrested for Manufacturing and Possession of Counterfeit Money in Grassy Park
[SAPS] Western Cape: To ensure that offenders are brought to book, Grassy Park SAPS members on patrol acted swiftly on information received that a person is allegedly busy manufacturing counterfeit money at a residence in Leroux Avenue, Grassy Park.
South Western Railways installs point of sale machines for purchase of train tickets
South Western Railways with headquarters in Hubli has joined the digital campaign by installing point of sale machines for purchase of train tickets.In a move to promote cashless economy, 140 Point of Sale machines are operational at the reservation offic
Brazilians embrace mobile banking
… Brazilian Banking Federation (FEBRABAN) on technology use across the local banking industry.     Some 42 million bank accounts in Brazil … percent of their banking business over that channel.     … Brazilians are becoming more confident to carry out fin
Gizmodo went phishing with the Trump team—will they catch a charge?
 Enlarge / Go phishing the White House, and you may need a bigger boat. (credit: Lsuff)  Earlier this week, the team at Gizmodo's Special Projects Desk published a report on how they "phished" members of the administration and campaign teams of President 
Social Security takes a second crack at two-factor authentication
Almost a year after rolling back a mobile phone-based authentication plan for its public beneficiary services, the Social Security Administration unveils a new approach.
OpenVPN 2.4.0 - Unauthenticated Denial of Service
Topic: OpenVPN 2.4.0 - Unauthenticated Denial of Service Risk: Medium Text:#!/usr/bin/env python3 ''' $ ./dos_server.py & $ sudo ./openvpn-2.4.0/src/openvpn/openvpn conf/server-tls.conf ... Fri Feb...
Samsung launches another Tizen phone for some reason   - CNET
The Samsung Z4 will come to India and other select countries starting this month.
TYCHE STUDIO CMS SQL Injection XSS
Topic: TYCHE STUDIO CMS SQL Injection XSS Risk: Low Text:         ##  ## # Application Name : SQLi in TYCHE STUDIO CMS  # Vulnerable Typ...
How Canada-Based Nigerian Men Fund Lavish Lifestyles from Proceeds of Identity Theft | WATCH
Toronto police has arrested and charged two Nigerian men Adedayo Ogundana, 45 and Adekunle Johnson Omitiran, 37 who are believed to be part of a fraud syndicate living lavish lifestyles from the proceeds of their crime, Global News Canada reports. Investi
TYCHE STUDIO CMS Shell Upload Vulnerability CSRF
Topic: TYCHE STUDIO CMS Shell Upload Vulnerability CSRF Risk: Medium Text:               # TYCHE STUDIO CMS Shell Upload Vulnerability | CSRF # Author : Berandal # Google Dork: intext:"...
Elevel SQL INJECTION VULNERABILITY
intext:"Web Design by Elevel"
Trust cancels all planned ops this weekend after cyber attack - and raises doubts over Monday outpatients Update 11.45am
ALL planned operations at York Hospital this weekend have been cancelled - and outpatient appointments on Monday are in doubt - following the cyber attack on NHS computers.
Webres Technologies SQL Injection
inurl:php?id= intext:Powered by Webrex Technologies
Global Consumer Mobile Payment Market: APAC to Register Revenue Growth at 44.3% CAGR
New York, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 05/12/2017 -- Such an exponential growth for global consumer mobile payment market is factored by rising proliferation of smartphones and advanced features added to existing payment platforms. The world is flooded with various 
Keylogger in Hewlett-Packard Audio Driver
Does anyone know if CVE-2017-8360 check has been added yet to Nexpose? 
__Scottish Government - Information sharing tools
__Scottish Government - Information sharing tools
Peterborough OPP arrest suspects wanted for using counterfeit money in Campbellford, Hastings
Peterborough County OPP took part in a manhunt for suspects in a counterfeit money scheme reported in the area earlier this week.
Police warning after counterfeit money handed over in Budleigh
Police are warning residents in Budleigh Salterton to be vigilant after reports of a counterfeit note being handed over. 
Hollywood Overwhelmed With Hack Attacks; FBI Advises 'Pay Ransom'...
     Hollywood Overwhelmed With Hack Attacks; FBI Advises 'Pay Ransom'...        (Third column, 7th story, link)       
HP Issues Fix For Keylogger Found On Several Laptop Models
HP says it has a fix for a flaw that caused a number of its PC models to keep a log of each keystroke a customer was entering. The issue, caused by problematic code in an audio driver, affected PC models from 2015 and 2016. From a report: HP has since rol
Samsung promises Tizen phones aren't dead with the budget Z4
Samsung has plenty of reasons to give up on Tizen phones -- they're a security nightmare and there are basically no apps. However, it's not punting yet on its home-grown OS, as it has just launched its fourth Tizen smartphone, the Z4. The device is a...
How did a Slack vulnerability expose user authentication tokens?
A Slack vulnerability exposed user authentication tokens and enabled hackers to access private data. Expert Matthew Pascucci explains how and why this hack was successful.
Owatonna Public Utilities Warns Of Phone Scam
KEYC CBS Mankato - Owatonna Public Utilities is warning residents of a phone scam circulating in the city.
Tizen overtakes Android Wear for the first time since 2015
Samsung made the right decision not to use Android Wear. At first, we weren't sure how the Android community would react to it but apparently, more people now are on Tizen. We've also been saying that Android Wear devices are on a decline but that may cha
Ransomware: Wave of cyberattacks sweeps the globe
A FAST-MOVING wave of cyberattacks has swept the globe, apparently exploiting a flaw exposed in documents leaked from the US National Security Agency.
Satechi releases Aluminum Thunderbolt 3 Type-C Pro Hub Adapter for MacBook Pro
The MacBook Pro is a great laptop, but its lack of ports can be frustrating -- it only has Thunderbolt 3/USB-C. As the owner of Apple's latest computer, I have experienced situations where I didn't have a dongle and was left quite annoyed. Because of this
GSA’s Tech Transformation Service Launches Bug Bounty Program
The General Service Administration's Technology Transformation Service has launched a bug bounty program that will offer incentives for independent researchers who can identify security vulnerabilities in TTS-operated software. GSA's 18F organization said
FOCUS ON SECURITY: Ransomware can paralyze a business
By BECKY GILLETTE Ransomware can not only leave a business paralyzed with no access to its computer system, it can be extremely costly. The amount of ransom demanded has been on the rise over the past year, according to information provided by the  Missis
Bitcoin Crosses $1,800 For the First Time
Bitcoin surpassed $1,800 on Thursday to a fresh record high, rising more than $100 in just two days, driven by comments from policy makers and positive noises around the future of the cryptocurrency. The price of the digital currency was trading at around
How And Why The FBI Might Wage War On Trump
How And Why The FBI Might Wage War On Trump
Trump Said He Was Thinking Of Russia Controversy When He Decided To Fire Comey
Trump Said He Was Thinking Of Russia Controversy When He Decided To Fire Comey
Trump's Cybersecurity Executive Order Met With Mixed Reviews
Trump's Cybersecurity Executive Order Met With Mixed Reviews
Video: How Police Train To Tackle Hackers
Video: How Police Train To Tackle Hackers
More than 70 countries reeling from ransomware attack
The scourge of ransomware spread deeper across the globe Friday as hackers hit infrastructure in more than 70 countries, using software previously stolen from the U.S. National Security Agency to disrupt everything from hospital service to cellphone calls
8 Notorious Russian Hackers Arrested in the Past 8 Years
Lesson learned by Russian cybercriminals: Don't go on vacation, it's bad for your freedom to scam.
UK National Health Service Suffers Crippling Wanna Decryptor Ransomware Attack
 Last fall, we reported on a somewhat humorous report of a mere "reply all" email that managed to bring down email servers of the UK's National Health Service.  Unfortunately, we have something a bit more severe to report on today: an all-out cyberattack 
Israel is behind hacking Lebanon phone networks during Nasrallah’s speech, report
Lebanese investigations have determined that Israel was behind the hacking of Hezbollah media department's phone lines during Hezbollah chief  Hassan Nasrallah's speech on Thursday, LBCI TV reported on Friday. Lebanon's OGERO telecom authority will issue 
US government is reviewing whether to use Kaspersky software, because Russia
Mention the US and Russia in the same sentence and the mind naturally wanders to three things. Firstly, the alleged links between the Trump administration and Russia, secondly whether or not the FBI investigation these alleged links led to the dismissal o
Cloud Security: Customer and Provider Share Responsibility
Cloud solutions have given a new perspective to the IT world by transforming the approach of managing data and business. Cloud has enabled organizations to streamline their business processes and work...
One in twenty self-reported data-protection incidents involve charities
According to data published today by the Information Commissioner's Office, this figure - 103 cases - makes this the sector with the joint fifth-highest proportion of self-reported incidents[...][Published in NonProfitNews - Read
Topic Collection: Information Sharing (e.g., Partners and Employees)
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. 05/05/2017 This Topic Collection from TRACIE (Technical Resources, Assistance Center, Information Exchange) highlights guidance and lessons lear
Azer Turk Bank increases payment card transactions turnover
Growth has made 30% in comparison with Q 1 2016
'Jaff' argh snakes: 5m emails/hour ransomware floods inboxes
Reported by The Register 5 minutes ago.
Why is the ransomware threat so important?
Veeam and Conversational Geeks collaborated to publish Conversational Ransomware Defense and Survival, an e-book that illustrates the fundamentals for ransomware preparation, protection and recovery. As the title suggests, the book is written in a convers
UAE Biometric Access Control Systems Market Report 2017 - By Type, End Use Sector & Competition Forecast to 2022 - Research and Markets
Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "UAE    Biometric Access Control Systems Market, 2012-2022" report to    their offering.The biometric access control systems market in the UAE will be driven by    growing requirement to enhance secur
Africa: Hello Group Takes on Mobile-Only Banking
[Balancing Act] London -Mobile operators seeking to create new business models for themselves are looking at business revenue streams where there are synergies with existing business. In Safaricom's last results mPesa accounted for 21% of its total revenu
Chetan Bhagat slams plagiarism case
Lawsuit states his book ‘One Indian Girl’s ‘characters, places and emotional flow’ has been lifted from another book
Gemalto builds a trusted IoT with reliable connectivity, steadfast security and agile monetizatio...
Austin, TX  May 12, 2017, Gemalto (Euronext NL0000400653 GTO), the world leader in digital security, will demonstrate its end-to-end IoT offering designed to "Connect. Secure. Monetize." at Internet of Things World 2017  the world's largest IoT Event.
U.K.'s health system hit by ransomware attack
The ransomware attack against the U.K.'s National Health Service reflects the growing prevalence of ransomware around the world, as hackers gain access to hospitals' systems and demand ransom.
Spain’s biggest telecoms operator suffers internal malware attack
Hours later, the cryptology branch of Spain’s National Intelligence Center (CNI) confirmed that the virus was affecting a number of other organizations. “There has been a warning over a massive ransomware attack on a number of organizations and that affec
Telefónica hack: Ransomware attack on internal network forces computer shut down
Hackers reportedly demand £300 worth of bitcoin for corporate files being decrypted.
Jaff: Lock-style ransomware sends five million malicious emails an hour
     Malware demands 1.79 Bitcoin to unlock ransomed files          
Jaff Ransomware Family Emerges In Force
A new ransomware family is making the rounds in multiple high-volume spam campaigns over the past day, according to Cisco Talos.
Samsung Releases Tizen-based Z4 Smartphone
.textsize {font-size: small;}Designed for first-time smartphone users, Samsung's new Tizen-based Z4 smartphone offers convenience with quick access to essential applications and clever camera features.
Aviva explains the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
        The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is an EU regulation that will replace the existing Data Protection Act (DPA) with effect from 25 May                  https://broker.aviva.co.uk/news/article/514/general-data-protection-regulation-g...
Brazilians embrace mobile banking
The channel has seen expressive growth over recent months as users start to gain confidence, says study.
Governments need to build armies of 'cyber soldiers', says Israeli tech firm
Governments are not doing enough to protect themselves and their country from hackers and online threats, according to the head of an Israeli-based cybersecurity firm.
Overcoming the pain of HIPAA enforcement (Roger Steven)
In many years that it has been in existence, one of the noticeable changes that HIPAA has undergone is in its attitude. The earlier phase of advice and counseling has now given way to hardboiled and unforgiving enforcement
Point of sale system can be used to simplify the business operations in retail environment (John William NZ)
POS system offers ease of transaction in any retail business. Retail industry sees the direct interaction with the customer as they provide the commodities required by the people directly to them. At this juncture, a speedy transaction and timely delivery
CTX utility company warns customers of new phone scam
A utility company in Bryan is warning people about a phone scam that is targeting their customers. 
Digital Radio Mondiale Consortium and the Public Indonesian Broadcaster, RRI, to showcase DRM for local coverage
On the first day of the DRM Consortium's annual General Assembly held in Switzerland and hosted by Ampegon, it was announced that the Digital Radio Mondiale Consortium will join the Indonesian public broadcaster RRI in the upcoming demonstration of DRM fo
CBC's Political Panel talks STC and a potential breach of privacy
        A breach of privacy is a hot topic for CBC's Political Panel on the May 12 edition. 
ICO reports record number of data breaches and fines
The UK privacy watchdog reports that it has dealt with more data breach reports and issued more fines in the past year than ever before from ComputerWeekly: Latest IT News http://www.computerweekly.com/news/450418692/ICO-reports-record-number-of-data-brea
eBook DRM Removal Bundle 4.17.211.387 + Portable
eBook DRM Removal Bundle 4.17.211.387 + Portable | 5.6 MB /9.6 MBDRM Removal Bundle is all in one tools to remove ebook DRM protection, it support Adobe Digital editions drm ADEPT, Kindle and Barnes Noble ebooks. it is easy to use and drag drop to work. u
IoT in Descrete Manufacturing 2017 Global Market to Reach $49.85 billion and Growing at a CAGR of 25.1% by 2023
IoT in Descrete Manufacturing Market 2017 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “IoT in Descrete Manufacturing 2017 Global Market to Reach $49.85 billion and Growing at a CAGR of 25.1% by 2023”. IoT in Discrete Manufacturing Market 
Telefonica Tells Employees to Shut Down Computers Amid Massive Ransomware Outbreak - BleepingComputer
 BleepingComputer Telefonica Tells Employees to Shut Down Computers Amid Massive Ransomware Outbreak BleepingComputer Version 2.0 was detected for the first time around four hours ago by independent security researcher MalwareHunter. The security research
Russian hackers attacked 2008 Obama campaign
Russian hackers targeted the 2008 Barack Obama campaign and U.S. government officials as far back as 2007 and have continued to attack them since they left their government jobs, according to a new report scheduled for release Friday. The targets included
Ransomware Protection Market Size - Industry Share Report 2021
 Ransomware Protection Market Size, Share, Price | Industry Report 2021 Market Research Report to It’s a Database.   Download sample copy of This Report @ https://goo.gl/to3GsL  “The rise in phishing attacks and security breaches will drive the
Samsung announces Z4 entry-level Tizen phone
Samsung's most popular smartphones may run Android, but the company also has handsets that run on other platforms. The new Z4 is a perfect example, being powered by the up and coming Tizen. Tizen is nowhere near as popular as Android is, but it is growing
Samsung Z4 smartphone with Tizen OS unveiled, to launch in India this month
The Samsung Z4 will now be the fourth smartphone powered by Tizen operating system after Samsung Z1, Z2 and Z3.
CIO Applications Names ImageWare as a Top 25 Cyber Security Company / Reshaping Cyber Security Landscape with Multi-Modal Biometrics
SAN DIEGO, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 05/12/17 -- ImageWare Inc. (OTCQB: IWSY), a leader in mobile and cloud-based, multi-modal biometric identity management solutions, announced today that it has bee...
Password managers: The good, the bad, and the ugly
 In a world where we’re being told to change our passwords every five minutes thanks to the latest massive breach, it’s hard to imagine life without a password manager. Though now that these killer apps are a dime a dozen, the market has predictably been 
Q&A with Lee Symcox: With recent credit card breach, consumer account monitoring crucial
Q: InterContinental Hotels Group, which includes the Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express brands, was recently the target of a widespread credit card breach. What are the details of the incident? A: Roughly 1,200 of InterContinental's hotels were infected 
Samsung keeps Tizen Phone dream alive with Z4
Samsung’s Tizen platform for smartphones, has been well, forgetful. However, Samsung’s perseverance has kept the platform alive and the latest addition to its Tizen-powered smartphone portfolio is the Z4. Samsung says the Z4 is optimised for social media,
Worldwide ransomware not yet affecting Jamaica - Wheatley
Technology Minister Dr. Andrew Wheatley says he is not aware of Jamaica being affected by a massive...
Azer Turk Bank's payment card transactions turnover up
According to the information given by the press service of Azer Turk Bank, during the first quarter of 2017 clients carried out about 185,000 transactions with plastic cards of the bank
End Point Authentication Market 2017-2022: Analysis, Research, Size
 End point Authentication Market 2017-2022 by Service spreads across 140 pages profiling 12 companies and supported with 68 tables and 57 figures available at rnrmarketresearch.com  Get Sample Copy Here @ https://goo.gl/OM1uhj  “Consumer preference for hi
The Hacker News: Learn to Code: Get 10 Best Online Training Courses for Just $49 (Limited-Time 95% OFF)
Struggling to learn how to code? If you’re looking to 'learn how to code' and seeking a career as an expert-level programmer, you should know how to play with codes and make your own. It's no secret that mastering a coding language or two can put you at t
Telefónica hacked with Cryptolocker. They have to pay a ransomware in Bitcoin
Telefónica hacked with Cryptolocker. They have to pay a ransomware in Bitcoin http://ift.tt/2pFTG2s Filed under: Bitcoin  
BlackSun Announces Web Security as a Service with the addition of the BlackShield platform
SASKATOON, Saskatchewan – BlackSun Inc, a Canadian web hosting company, has announced it has added Web Security as a Service ("WSAAS") with the addition of its recently launched security product known as "BlackShield". BlackShield is a website security pl
No, CNN, Russia Did Not Hack The 2016 Election
Here's one for the "Journalism in 2017" time capsule. Read the given description of the following video clip of today's Senate Intelligence Committe hearing on James Comey's firing, from CNN reporter Daniella Diaz , and then watch the clip itself. 
WikiLeaks #Vault7: 'CIA malware plants Gremlins' on Microsoft machines
WikiLeaks has released the latest installment in the #Vault7 series, detailing two apparent CIA malware frameworks dubbed 'AfterMidnight' and 'Assassin' which it says target the Microsoft Windows platform. The latest release consists of five documents det
Bitcoin Wallet Trezor Architect: “Bitcoin Unlimited is Comedy Show” – CoinTelegraph
Bitcoin Wallet Trezor Architect: “Bitcoin Unlimited is Comedy Show” – CoinTelegraph http://ift.tt/2qa805J Filed under: News  
Cyber Security Awareness Security for Cloud Services (2016)
Cyber Security Awareness: Security for Cloud ServicesMP4 | Video: AVC 1280x720 | Audio: AAC 44KHz 2ch | Duration: 1 Hours | 132 MBGenre: eLearning | Langua...
Point of Sale: Retail & Travel Weekly
This week’s articles include the areas retail marketers should focus on, the best places to reach millennials (hint: on their phones), and how successful retailers strike a balance between endless-aisle and not-enough selection.  Retailers Are Obsessing O
Customers Rapidly Adopting Oracle's New Security Cloud Services
...Oracle's Security Cloud Services at Upcoming Events Join Oracle at Infosecurity Europe 2017 – Booth P60 and at Gartner Security & Risk Management Summit to learn more about Oracle's Identity SOC and its integrated offerings. Gartner Disclaimer Gartner 
InfoSec Institute Resources: Pivoting to Exploit a System in Another Network
What is port forwarding? In the field of system networking, port forwarding is an implementation of network address translation (NAT) that redirects an announcement request from one IP and port number arrangement to another while the packets are navigatin
DRM Digital Radio Comes of Age
Thanks to its adoption in India, the DRM broadcasting standard continues to advance
Facebook cleans up News Feeds by reducing links to 'low quality', clickbait content
When it's not being accused of being used for propaganda or peddling fake news, Facebook is often criticized for being home to meaningless clickbait that exists only to generate ad revenue. As part of an on-going drive to make people's News Feeds more use
Forger Deceives Art Dealer with Celebrity Counterfeit
 
ADAPTATION: Experts tell senators coastal protection needs better data
America's coastal communities are severely exposed to rising water levels, erosion and extreme weather but are making plans to adapt based on faulty and outdated information, experts said yesterday.
Easily trim and cut your movies with VidCutter
VidCutter is an open-source Windows, Linux and Mac tool for trimming your videos. The program’s use of FFMPEG enables opening just about any video type, and you’re then able to cut as many scenes as you need. Import a source video and it’s displayed in th
Five Preakness storylines to watch as Always Dreaming goes for another Triple Crown jewel
Neither mud nor inexperience nor the ambitions of 19 other gifted and unpredictable thoroughbreds could keep yet another favorite from winning the 143rd Kentucky Derby . Always Dreaming did not quite fit our usual image of a Derby leading man. 
Q&A Citrix CSO: How to deal with security across multiple generations of employees
 Citrix’s CSO Stan Black has been in the cybersecurity field for 20 years. He has seen generations of employees come and go at the software and data security company. There are three generations working side by side at Citrix – and a fourth on the way. Ci
Pokemon Go Generator Starter 2010. Pokemon Go Hack Online Android
 JUST GRAB POKEMON GO RESOURCES!   pokecoins generator It will take 30 seconds to download...
RANSOMWARE ATTACKS REPORTED WORLDWIDE...
RANSOMWARE ATTACKS REPORTED WORLDWIDE...
Facebook shuts down abortion group's page for 'promotion or encouragement of drug use'
Just yesterday we wrote about the repeated closure of an atheist Facebook group by the social network. Now, in a similar act that has more than a slight whiff of censorship to it, Facebook has "unpublished" the page of Women on Web, a group that puts wome
HP Releases Driver Update to Remove Accidental Keylogger
HP has issued an update to remove a keylogging mechanism found in the audio drivers included with some of its high-end laptops. [...]
HP shipped laptops with a keylogger installed, security firm reveals
                                                                 By: Matt Burgess Continue reading...
Telefonica Among Spanish Firms Hit by Ransomware Attack
                            Click to view a price quote on TEFOF.
Man who padded timesheets fined $318,000 for trashing boss’s servers
His strategy: pad the payroll program with extra hours, in black letters, on a black background, in 1-pt type, then demolish the server.
Apple WatchOS Dominates Smartwatch OS Market Share While Tizen Edges Out Android Wear
 More often than not, when someone goes out shopping for a smartwatch, they end up purchasing an Apple Watch. That leaves second place up for grabs between Tizen and Android Wear, and for the first time ever the former overtook the latter in market share.
miniupnpc 2.0.20170421 Denial Of Service
miniupnpc suffers from an integer signedness error when parsing a chunked encoded http response.
DDOS attacks in Q1 2017
LinuxSecurity.com: Thanks to IoT botnets, DDoS attacks have finally turned from something of a novelty into an everyday occurrence. According to the A10 Networks survey, this year the 'DDoS of Things' (DoT) has reached critical mass - in each attack, hund
Jaff a 'Locky-style' ransomware is on the loose
     Ransomware demands 1.79 Bitcoin - or £2,780 - to unlock ransomed files          
Android Wear market share surpassed by Samsung's Tizen, Apple Watch still king of the hill
 In a surprising twist, Samsung's Tizen OS for wearables – prominently featured in the Gear S3 and S2 smartwatches – has surpassed Android Wear's market share. This has been revealed by a Strategy Analytics report where global smartwatch shipments and sha
The Hacker News: Microsoft Brings Ubuntu, Suse, and Fedora Linux to Windows Store
Microsoft has been expressing its love for Linux and Open Source for almost three years now, and this love is embracing as time passes. Just last year, Microsoft made headlines by building support for the Bash shell and Ubuntu Linux binaries into Windows 
Exclusive: Russian Hackers Attacked the 2008 Obama Campaign
The Kremlin continues to target former Obama officials with an intelligence-gathering effort, according to a new report.
IoT Device Management Market Worth 2,559.6 Million USD by 2022
PUNE, India, May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --   According to the new market research report "IoT Device Management Market by Solution (Real-Time Streaming Analysis, Security Solutions, Data Management, Remote Monitoring, Network Bandwidth Management), Service
Prevalence of mobile banking creates 'rich opportunities' for fraudsters, study says
Prevalence of mobile banking creates 'rich opportunities' for fraudsters, study says
5 Steps to Maximize the Value of your Security Investments
How a 'security rationalization' process can help CISOs make the most out of their information security infrastructure, and also improve the company bottom line.
IoT Device Management Market Worth 2,559.6 Million USD by 2022
PUNE, India, May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --   According to the new market research report "IoT Device Management Market by Solution (Real-Time Streaming Analysis, Security Solutions, Data Management, Remote Monitoring, Network Bandwidth Management), Service
Mixed reviews for Trump’s Executive Order on cybersecurity
 The reviews of President Donald Trump’s Executive Order (EO) on cybersecurity were coming in within hours of its signing yesterday afternoon, and they were most definitely mixed. There was general agreement that the intent of the EO – delayed more than t
European Union: Deeper Dive: Security Incident Notification Under The New EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - BakerHostetler
As noted in the 2017 BakerHostetler Data Security Incident Response Report, the enactment of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) represents the most significant change Reported by Mondaq 26 minutes ago.
Penny Coulthard, Programme Head, Child Protection Information Sharing Project, NHS Digital
 Helping health and social care staff to share information and better protect vulnerable children
The urgent need to ‘quantify the hidden costs of a data breach’
Originally written by Nick Ismail on Information Age As the financial implications of IT downtime continue to swell, organisations must be prepared to assign real costs to the intangible or ‘hidden’ damages, which are regularly experienced during a cyber 
British hospitals and companies in Spain hit with 'ransomware' cyberattack
A large cyberattack crippled computer systems at hospitals across England on Friday, with appointments canceled, phone lines down and patients turned away. Britain's National Health Service said hospitals across England were hit by an apparent "ransomware
Shaping FINRA's Desk Commentary Safe Harbor
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority recently proposed amendments to its research rules in order to ease many of the regulatory burdens on industry communications. Without certain refinements, however, the proposed safe harbor could have the ironic
Authentication and Identity Management : AIM Engineer
NY-New York City, Job Location : NYC, NY Job Type : Full Time with Benefits The Authentication and Identity Management (AIM) group within Enterprise Security Solution (ESS), engineers Authentication and Identity solutions for the firm. The technology stac
Microsoft brings Fluent Design System to Windows 10 -- but WTF is it?
When Windows 10 arrived on the scene, much was made of the Metro (or Modern) look of the apps. This was Microsoft's design language of the time and now it's time to throw out the old and usher in the new. We've heard a bit about Project NEON in recent mon
Infineon: From payment to ticketing: contactless technologies are on the rise in smart cities
Contactless card and touch-and-go mobile technology payments are on the rise: especially consumers and commuters in highly populated urban areas require higher transaction speeds and more convenience. Infineon Technologies AG (FSE: IFX / OTCQX: IFNNY), th
Xiaomi Mi6 Android Phone - 6GB RAM, Snapdragon CPU, NFC, Fingerprint Scanner, 4G, Dual Rear Camera, Quick Charge (Black)
 The Xiaomi Mi6 Android Phone with 4G connectivity, Snapdragon CPU, 6G RAM, full HD screen and dual rear camera is simply awesome.
The world (of backup) is not enough for Barracuda
Combining security and data protection is the business Analysis  Data protection and security player Barracuda is being affected by customers moving away from point products, and the resulting combined data protection plus security themes could mean other
Toshiba and WD execs sheathe blades, start talking over memory biz
It's make-up time but nobody's kissing yet Top Western Digital and Toshiba execs are talking after brandishing legal daggers over who can do what in Toshiba's memory business sale.…
How Fileless Ransomware Works
by Con Mallon, CrowdStrike | Negosentro.com | Ransomware offers a lucrative market for cybercriminals — as noted by Tech Republic, ransomware threats cost businesses more than $1 billion last year. While large enterprises and government agencies remain hi
Certain HP laptops are found recording users' keystrokes
 Over two dozen HP laptop models have been secretly recording users’ keystrokes, possibly by mistake, according to a Swiss security firm. The keylogger is found within the PCs' audio driver software and has existed since at least Dec. 2015, the security f
[bart13] Hackers Came, But the French Were Prepared (nytimes.com) 269    ...
        Hackers Came, But the French Were Prepared  (nytimes.com)      269       Posted by    msmash    on Wednesday May 10, 2017 @02:00PM  from the nope,-not-today dept.        Adam Nossiter, David E. Sanger, and Nicole Perlroth, reporting for the New Yo
British hospitals hit with huge ransomware attack. Are U.S. hospitals next?
The scourge of ransomware deepened this week with hackers using the malicious software to disrupt Spain’s telecommunications giant Telefonica, then to paralyze hospitals across England. The BBC reported Friday that the ransomware program — known as WannaC
Researchers find keylogger on selected HP laptops
Conexant audio driver to blame.
Could World War 3 happen in 2017? How threats from Syria, Russia, Iran, North Korea and ISIS are mounting
THIS year has already been blighted with terror attacks, rising tensions around the globe and the ongoing threat of nuclear war. The Sun has spoken to a range of military and terror experts about the threat of World War Three in 2017. Why is 2017 such a d
Smart Grid Market projected $120.0 billion globally, by 2021, with 18% CAGR
Zion Market Research has published a new report titled “Smart Grid (Advanced Metering Infrastructure, Distribution Automation, Software & Hardware, Communication Technologies, Transmission Upgrades and Cyber Security) Market: Global Industry Perspective, 
Gianluca Stringhini on Twitter: "Confirmed ransomware attack against Telefonica, the company advised employees to shut down their computers https://t.co/n22Ou7KVGh https://t.co/64h8owbK5m"
 archived from https://twitter.com/gianluca_string/status/862973637313343488
Android Ransomware SLocker Returns With Hundreds Of Variations
Nasty Android ransomware back from the dead, and over 400 variants are now “more resilient” to security tools
Mine and metal firms set to embrace Cloud, data security
With more than one-quarter (28 percent) of such firms planning significant investments, almost half (46 percent) cite digital as the biggest contributor to innovation, the findings showed.
EnCase Forensic Imager 7.10 Buffer Overflow
Guidance Software EnCase Forensic Imager versions 7.10 and below suffer from a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability.
CMS Made Simple 2.1.6 Code Execution / Cross Site Scripting
CMS Made Simple version 2.1.6 suffers from code execution and cross site scripting vulnerabilities.
Mobile Payment Transaction Market : SMS Segment to Value US$ 678,117.1 Mn by 2020
Even though there will be tremendous growth in mobile payment transactions market, there are many challenges that are obstructing the growth of this market. A major challenge is the slow adoption of smartphone compatible POS systems by the retailers. If t
IPL betting scam: Police probing links to Gujarat players
The police arrested three people in Kanpur suspected of illegal betting on cricket matches, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) had said on Thursday, a day after the city hosted its first IPL game of the season. On Friday, India Today sources
Shadow Fight 2 Hack Tool No Survey. Cheat Shadow Fight 2 Android Without Survey
 CLICK FOR SHADOW FIGHT 2 RESOURCES!    mobile devices, Shadow Fight was a big hit in the gaming world after it was released, ...
Electromagnetics, cyber warfare systems contract awarded to Raytheon
Washington DC (UPI) May 11, 2017   Raytheon has been awarded a $10 million contract for high power electromagnetics, or HPEM, systems and cyber electronic warfare systems. The contract is designed to enhance capabilities regarding cyber and electronic war
HP promises fix to remove keylogger spyware installed on laptops
     But points the finger of blame squarely at third-party developer           
Emerge Education Expands Solution Portfolio To Enhance Enterprise Value And Risk Readiness For 21st Century Higher Education
Emerge Education Expands Solution Portfolio To Enhance Enterprise Value And Risk Readiness For 21st Century Higher Education
Indarra Cyber Security offers its solution to escalating Phishing attacks
ROWLETT, Texas, May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- The founders of Indarra Cyber Security, a company that specializes in Phishing Prevention and Cyber Security Awareness materials, are pleased to introduce their point of contact, multi-vector Phishing Pr
Jungle Heat Cheats Android Phone. Jungle Heat Android Hack Without Survey
 GET UNLIMITED JUNGLE HEAT RESOURCES!    train their armies and go for battles, All what a player has to do is sending request...
Secure Storage Encryption for Azure File Storage hits GA
Microsoft has announced that the ability to encrypt data stored via Azure File Storage has now hit general availability. This feature will also be coming to Azure Tables and Queues "by June". Read more...
Documentary 'Risk' offers an intimate if one-sided perspective on WikiLeaks founder
“RISK” — 3 stars — Julian Assange, Sarah Harrison, Jacob Appelbaum; not rated; Broadway 
The Hacker News: Unpatched 0-Days in Vanilla Forums Let Remote Attackers Hack Websites
A security researcher has publicly disclosed two critical zero-day vulnerabilities in Vanilla Forums, an open source software that powers discussion on over 500,000 websites, which could allow unauthenticated, remote attackers to fully compromise targeted
How Trump can win the cyber war thinking like Winston Churchill
Cyber security executive order 
Google API PHP Client 2.1.3 Cross Site Scripting
google-api-php-client versions 2.1.3 and below suffer from multiple cross site scripting vulnerabilities.
7 little know financial consequences of the snap election
Taxpayers caught out by shortened 2017 Finance Act A slim Finance Act 2017 was passed on 27th April, after shedding some 600 pages of tax proposals, some of which were due to take effect on either the 1st or 6th April. Therefore any taxpayers who have act
Is multi-cloud architecture just a fad? [Q&A]
Enterprises often find themselves working with more than one cloud provider. This multi-cloud approach is a lot like hybrid cloud, yet many companies today may not consider this type of environment. If they have, they are more than likely wondering how to
Bitcoin Boom: Japan’s Largest Bank to Turn Credit Card Unit into Digital Currency Platform
Bitcoin Boom: Japan’s Largest Bank to Turn Credit Card Unit into Digital Currency Platform http://ift.tt/2q8wbC5 Filed under: News  
Blockchain India Week Hackathon - by Blockchain Storm 13-14 May17 ft Vitalik Buterin
We are passionate about creating a Blockchain eco-system in India and around the world. We hosted the first ever Blockchain India Summit in New Delhi on 6 Dec 2016 featuring Inventor of Ethereum, Vitalik Buterin.  Check out BLOCKCHAIN INDIA WEEK activi
Comey Firing, Hillary Clinton's Investigation, & Russian Hacking: The Mess Continues
National Review - The Clintons leave chaos in their wake and retreat back into their wealthy, privileged existence ...
Eco bank Cameroon launches mobile money app
(Telecompaper) Eco bank Cameroon has announced the launch of a digital app called Ecobank Mobile. The application enables customers to send and receive money instantly to 33 African countries...
Biometric Driver Identification System Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Developments 2026
 Biometric driver identification system is one among recently developed technology and a forward step in active vehicle safety technologies. Enhancing car security systems for occupants as well as pedestrian safety is one of the key priorities for automak
Man arrested allegedly busy manufacturing counterfeit money
Western Cape: To ensure that offenders are brought to book, Grassy Park SAPS members on patrol acted swiftly on information received that a person is allegedly busy manufacturing counterfeit money at a residence in Leroux Avenue, Grassy Park. Yesterday (2
Hackers paralyze British hospitals with ransomware. Are U.S. hospitals next?
Hackers shut down at least 16 National Health Service hospitals in England Friday by infecting computers with malicious software that could wipe out a patient’s files unless a ransom is paid. Media reports said that NHS has been forced to move patients in
The Week That Was: Comey Fired, Russian Hacking Backfired, Nudity On Stage And More
Trump fired Comey, hackers leaked Russian documents and Boston Children's Theatre staged a play with nudity. All that and more from Tom Keane's roundup of the week in the news.
Magufuli, Zuma Urge Investors to Exploit Economic Opportunities
[Daily News] President John Magufuli and his South African counterpart Jacob Zuma yesterday implored the business communities in both countries to fully exploit immense investment opportunities for the mutual benefits of wananchi.
Global Anti-counterfeit Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Market Product Type, Application And Regions And Forecast To 2022
Wiseguyreports.Com Added New Market Research Report On -“Global Anti-counterfeit Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Market 2017 Growth And Demand Forecast To 2022”.         PUNE, INDIA, May 12, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ --          Global Anti-counterfeit …
Failed affair prompted jealous ex-lover’s data breach: court
Police say ex job centre employee Brooke Holmes illegally accessed her former lover/co-worker's new mobile number to harass him.
LG election: LASIEC seeks support of security agencies
Afeez Hanafi The Chairman, Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission, Justice Ayotunde Phillips (retd.), has called on the police and other security agencies to support the commission in ensuring a violence-free local government election. Phillips said
Data Center Physical Security Market 2017 Global Analysis, Shares, Trends, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022
This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies         PUNE, INDIA, May 12, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ -- The major players in global market include …
Google will create custom emoji from your selfies in Allo
Users of Google Allo can now use selfies -- and a little AI jiggery-pokery -- to generate a custom set of emoji. Or, as Google puts it, users can now benefit from "Neural Network-Generated Illustrations in Allo." Working in a similar way to the existing B
Friday, May 12th., 2017 Vault 7 - CIA Hacking Tools Revealed by Wikileaks - Links and Commentary Thursday, May 11, 2017
Friday, May 12th., 2017 Vault 7 - CIA Hacking Tools Revealed by Wikileaks - Links and Commentary Thursday, May 11, 2017
Held hostage: the rise of ransomware
Originally written by Nick Ismail on Information Age Ransomware has climbed the malware ranks since it first appeared in 1989. Back then the AIDS Trojan horse was released, but it was largely unsuccessful because not many people had a computer. Now, howev
Russia-Backed Hackers Suspected in Cyber Attacks of Baltic Energy Networks
Suspected Russia-backed hackers have launched exploratory cyber attacks against the energy networks of the Baltic states, sources said, raising security concerns inside the West's main military alliance, NATO. Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, all members of
Beeb hands £560m IT deal to Atos. Again
Breaking down towers In an effort to overhaul its massive £2.3bn contract with Atos, the BBC has awarded its Enterprise ICT and Hosting Services contract worth up to £560m over eight years to... you guessed it, Atos.…
No quick-fix solution to end plagiarism
Concerns over academic dishonesty and plagiarism have risen in the digital age. Violation of academic ethics begins in school when holiday homework is 'outsourced' for a price. Suc
Space upstart plans a public cloud in low Earth orbit
And moving VMs between a fleet of micro-sats to create virtual geosynchronous satellites Last week we covered a plan to let satellites run XenServer so they can run virtual machines, which sounded intriguing enough that we decided to learn more.…
PC repair chap lets tech support scammer log on to his PC. His Linux PC
Fraudster: Is this Windows? And why is it looking up my IP address? On-Call  Why look at that! Friday is upon us, which means it’s time for another instalment of On-Call, The Register’s weekly column in which readers share memories of being asked to fix o
Conextant keylogger on HP laptops
Last post by: Googly Smythe (12 May 01:01):
MSPs benefitting from SMB state-sponsored hacking fears
     SMBs are 'abolutely' concerned they'll be a target, MSP tells Channelnomics          
HP issues fix for keylogger found pre-installed on several laptop models
Security experts found that an audio driver on some HP devices was recording users' every keystroke.
Bitcoin (BTC) More Valuable Than Gold?
Bitcoin (BTC) All Time High Highlights: Two days after breaching $1,700, Bitcoin continued its surge, trading through $1,800 Coinify Deal Adds 3000 Merchants to Bitcoin Network Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges May Resume BTC Withdrawals Bitcoin Gets a Tax Cut in
Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked
from Moneywatch Personal Finance  Some 44% of adults have received a fraud alert, a 15% increase since 2015   Read this full article directly from the source.
Pokemon Go Hack Ios No Jailbreak Tweaks. Pokémon Go Coins Generator Ps3 Console
 CLICK FOR POKEMON GO RESOURCES!   pokecoins generator Conquer gyms in order to get coins,...
Good intentions on safety tech ‘evaporate’ at point of sale
Buyers may talk about how much they value safety technologies, but very few are willing to pay extra or push their dealers for it. By Megan Lampinen The post Good intentions on safety tech 'evaporate' at point of sale appeared first on Automotive World. 
Global Enterprise Governance, Risk and Compliance (EGRC) Market to Rise at a CAGR Of 7.1% during the Forecast Period of 2016-2026
 Albany, New York, May 11, 2017: Enterprise governance, risk and compliance (EGRC) being a multifaceted and innovative approach to risk management, corporate governance and compliance issues has a direct impact on business objectives. Market Research Repo
Global e-Passport Market to Witness Outstanding Growth: Boosted by Ease in Authentication Processes
Summary Orbis Research Present's Global E-Passport Market to grow at a CAGR of 26.31% during the period 2017-2021. New Research Report – Global e-Passport Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies As The Key Players In The Global E-Passport Market: Gemalto
Cheeky Punt: Arsenal to exploit Liverpool, United setbacks
Cheeky expects this top-four race to …
Googles PHP API client has XSS vulnerability (webmaster@theregister.co.uk (Richard Chirgwin)/The Register)
webmaster@theregister.co.uk (Richard Chirgwin) / The RegisterGoogles PHP API client has XSS vulnerability - Patch promised Users of Googles PHP API client: watch out for phising attacks while Google patches a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in th
China ‘very’ actively spying on Australia – defence official
CHINA is conducting extensive espionage against Australia, Australia's most senior defence department official said on Friday, in a rare public accusation against its largest trading partner.  Chinese spying on Australia has been the subject of much specu
Battery Market for Point of Sale Terminals 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021
(EMAILWIRE.COM, May 12, 2017 ) Increased penetration of POS terminals in the retail and hospitality sectors is driving the market. The need for secure transactions by the merchants in these sectors will likely fuel the market growth during the forecast pe
"Hacking Attacks" and Real-Time Threats the Latest Trends, According to PandaLabs
PandaLabs provide "Real Risk" infection statistics – In Q1 2017, attacks that involve direct interaction with the victim in real time, or "hacking attacks," are on the rise and are resulting in a further professionalization of cybercrime, according to Pan
Two-Factor Authentication Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021
(EMAILWIRE.COM, May 12, 2017 ) Data security is a primary concern for enterprises, government organizations, and individuals. The popular methods for protecting sensitive data and assets include identity badges, numeric keypads, and PINs. However, these v
Ogier advises on Luxembourg cyber security fund
Ogier has acted as Luxembourg counsel to Paladin Capital Group on the structuring and launch of a fund investing in and developing global cyber security assets.     Company:                    Ogier          read more 
Expiring spying law helped U.S. conclude Russia hacked election: NSA chief
Source: National Cyber Security - Produced By Gregory Evans   A top U.S. intelligence official said Thursday a controversial surveillance law that allows the broad electronic spying of foreigners played a major role in understanding Russia's alleged inter
Junkyard Journeys: At Risk of Identity Theft
Source: National Cyber Security - Produced By Gregory Evans   Hundreds of cars at junkyards in the Rio Grande Valley were found with plenty of personal information left inside. Experts said a mistake like this could set someone up for identity theft. A CH
IDEX at the forefront of large-scale market opportunity for biometric cards
IDEX at the forefront of large-scale market opportunity for biometric cardsOslo, Norway, 12 May 2017 – IDEX, a leading developer of advanced fingerprint solutions, is experiencing strong momentum towards commercialisation of its sensor solutions for cards
HandBrake App Targeted with Malware to Impair Mac PCs
  HandBrake is a frequently utilized tool available for free that edits as well as converts videos which may be on Mac computers. Last week, however, anybody who downloaded the app might've unknowingly contaminated their Mac PCs with malicious software. A
objectif8 CSRF VULNERABILITY
intext:"Web site designed and developed by Objectif 8 Inc."
Trump signs order to move US cybersecurity to cloud
President Donald Trump signed an executive order Thursday targeting the federal government's notorious vulnerability to cyber threats.
Ramona Adamson: UL Receives DARPA Grant to Test Internet-of-Things Gateway Security
Northbrook, Illinois-based security company UL has secured a Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency grant to perform cybersecurity tests of internet-of-things gateways designed for industrial… Source link 
DDoS attacks are up but are the hackers on holiday?
Source: National Cyber Security - Produced By Gregory Evans   Complex DDoS attacks (distributed denial of service) are growing in popularity, but a noticeable drop in the number of attacks overall leaves us wondering where the hackers have gone. The first
Pet Wearable Market: Advances in Wearable Sensors for Managing Livestock Health to Open up Exciting Opportunities
  The global pet wearable market is extremely consolidated led by two players who accounted for a combined share of 89.0% of the total market revenue in 2015, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR). These companies are DeLaval Inc. and GEA Group AG. The
Someone is sending propaganda texts to Ukranian soldiers
Hmm, who has a conflict and IMSI catchers, we wonder An ongoing campaign of propaganda-texting Ukranian solders has, unsurprisingly, been attributed to Russian forces equipped with cell site simulators (IMSI-catchers).…
Former cyber-intelligence sleuths for Israel now work to uncover malicious hackers (CNBC: Top News)
CNBC: Top NewsFormer cyber-intelligence sleuths for Israel now work to uncover malicious hackers - Israels intelligence agency, Unit 8200, has produced many entrepreneurs who went on to found successful cybersecurity companies. ... 
Cloudways Introduces Multi-Domain Protection Through Free Let's Encrypt SSL Certificates
The new feature simplifies SSL deployment and management as a single Let's Encrypt SSL certificate will be able to protect multiple domains BARCELONA, SPAIN--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - The built-in Let's Encrypt SSL on Cloudways can now be used to pro
Nimbusec Selects Lastline to Bolster Website Security with Advanced Malware Detection
Integrated technologies detect evasive malware before it can use drive-by attacks to infect website visitors   REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - Lastline Inc., the leader in advanced threat protection, today announced a partnership and inte
Many English NHS computer systems shut down in response to a ransomware attack
At least 16 National Health Service organizations in England have been impacted by a ransomware attack. Users report being locked-out from computers and some systems have been closed down to prevent propagation of the malware.
KDE 4/5 Affected By A Root Exploit Vulnerability
There's a root exploit vulnerability present on both KDE4 and KDE5...
WikiLeaks, Keeper of Secrets
In choosing to expose only Clinton, while keeping the Trump material secret, Julian Assange betrayed another fundamental value of transparency by taking sides. His explanation for why he did not expose the Trump information, parallel to the FBI's disclosi
Global and United States Data Center Physical Security Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021
“2017-2022 Data Center Physical Security Report on Global and United States and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications “Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. This report studies the
Astonishing Win for Bitcoin Game Player
Bitcoin player Flip2pogi recently had a record-breaking win. His risky play netted him a cool 39.08 Bitcoin on the game Safari, a princely sum amounting to over sixty eight thousand US Dollars following current market trends. The best part? He never even 
Confusion Over SBI's Rs 25 Charge Per ATM Withdrawal Cleared; Only SBI's Mobile Wallet Users Need To Pay For ATM Withdrawal
SBI wallet users need to pay for ATM withdrawal  Yesterday, Social Media was abuzz with the news that India’s largest bank: SBI will now charge Rs 25 per ATM withdrawal of cash, irrespective of how many times ATM has been used.   This news stirred a horne
Vanilla Forums has a plain-flavoured zero-day
Reported by The Register 7 minutes ago.
'Risk': Inside the Inner Sanctum of Wikileaks' Assange (SecurityWeek)
'Risk': Inside the Inner Sanctum of Wikileaks' Assange (SecurityWeek)
Jerry W. Thompson, SVP, Business Development and Marketing, Identity Guard to Speak at TKG’s 2017 Landscape of Identity Theft: Trends and Development
Jersey City, NJ (1888PressRelease) May 12, 2017 – The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today that Jerry W. Thompson, SVP, Business Development & Marketing, Ident
Bank hackers attempt to steal from the French with scam emails posing to be from Bank of France
Bank of France warned that a phishing campaign targeting users is attempting to steal users' credentials.
Gemalto builds a trusted IoT with reliable connectivity, steadfast security and agile monetization at IoT World 2017
Gemalto builds a trusted IoT with reliable connectivity, steadfast security and agile monetization at IoT World 2017
74 Countries Hit by Massive Wave of Ransomware
Security researchers have recorded more than 45,000 cases of ransomware in the past 10 hours alone, most of which are taking advantage of a Microsoft vulnerability. 
Russian hacker claims FBI offered him citizenship and a new life if he would confess to hacking Podesta emails on behalf of Putin and Trump
Such a generous offer, the sort of thing offered to high level enemy defectors, must have crossed Comey’s desk, if it didn’t originate there.
New CA Technologies payment security solution reduces online fraud loss by 25 per cent
CA applies real-time behavioural analytics and machine learning to largest pool of online transaction data to stop fraud instantly SYDNEY, May 12, 2017 – CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) today announced CA Risk Analytics Network, the payment industry’s only ca
Russian charged with breaching U.S. firms says FBI attempted to coerce confession over Clinton hack
Source: National Cyber Security - Produced By Gregory Evans   A Russian man wanted by the Justice Department on charges connected to hacking U.S. companies now claims the FBI offered him immunity in exchange for accepting responsibility for cyberattacks t
Technology Leader Driving Cloud Security Market Growth in Upcoming Years
The global cloud security market is expected to reach USD 13.93 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The cloud infrastructure has witnessed a significant growth in recent years and its popularity can be attributed to the
Trashbilling.com / Trashflow 3.0 XSS / SQL Injection
Trashbilling.com suffered from account enumeration, cross site scripting, denial of service, and remote SQL injection vulnerabilities. Trashflow 3.0 suffers from denial of service and hard-coded credential vulnerabilities.
FBI Probe Into Clinton Emails Prompted Offer Of Cash, Citizenship For Confession, Hacker Claims
A Russian citizen accused of being a hacker by both Russia and the U.S. has claimed U.S. officials offered to cut him a deal if he admitted to interfering in the 2016 presidential election. Yevgeniy Nikulin, 29, has found himself in the middle of an inter
Happiest Minds Acquires Cupola Technology to Strengthen Its Leadership Position in IoT
Happiest Minds Technologies, a next generation digital transformation, infrastructure, security and product engineering services Company, announced the acquisition of Cupola Technology –
Oops – HP laptops include keystroke logger that records user names and passwords
In a security failure of gargantuan proportions, laptops shipped by HP Inc. have been found to include a keylogger that captures all user keystrokes and records them to an unprotected file. First spotted by Swiss security firm modzero AG, the keylogger wa
EBook Converter eBook DRM Removal Bundle v4.17.211.387 + Portable
EBook Converter eBook DRM Removal Bundle v4.17.211.387 + Portable
Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability
Reported by The Register 2 minutes ago.
DDoS Protection and Mitigation Market - Pin Point Analysis For Changing Competitive Dynamics
Global DDoS Protection and Mitigation Market: Introduction  DDoS mitigation is a set of techniques or tools used for resisting the impact of distribution denial-of-services attacks on network attached to the Internet by protecting the target and relay net
Director of National Intelligence Warns of IoT Security Threats
According to Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, IoT devices may be used to shut down US intelligence operations in the future. From a report: At an open hearing today, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (SSCI) heard testimony on the 
Has biometric banking finally arrived?
Back in April 2017, MasterCard announced that it would be launching a payment card which features a fingerprint reader. It was the latest in a growing list of financial institutions to deploy biometric technologies. For example, HSBC has deployed voice bi
Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked
Reported by MarketWatch 4 minutes ago.
Chinese hackers must pay $9m over insider trading scam
The men stole confidential information that helped them profit on the stock market, prosecutors say.
Intelligent Exploit: Linux Kernel 3.11 < 4.8 0 SO_SNDBUFFORCE SO_RCVBUFFORCE Local Privilege Escalation
Linux Kernel 3.11 < 4.8 0 SO_SNDBUFFORCE SO_RCVBUFFORCE Local Privilege Escalation
Intelligent Exploit: OpenVPN 2.4.0 - Unauthenticated Denial of Service
OpenVPN 2.4.0 - Unauthenticated Denial of Service
Intelligent Exploit: MS17-010 SMBv1 SrvOs2FeaToNt OOB Remote Code Execution
MS17-010 SMBv1 SrvOs2FeaToNt OOB Remote Code Execution
Intelligent Exploit: Cerberus FTP Server 8.0.10.3 'MLST' Remote Buffer Overflow
Cerberus FTP Server 8.0.10.3 'MLST' Remote Buffer Overflow
Prison officer fined for supplying counterfeit tobacco
Imperial Tobacco has assisted Devon and Cornwall Police in securing the conviction of a prison officer who was attempting to smuggle counterfeit tobacco into HMP Dartmoor.
Global Internet of Things (IoT) Security Market competitive landscape and Global Trends to 2022
 “Global Internet of Things (IoT) Security Market Professional Survey Report 2017” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977.  This report studies Internet of Things (IoT) Security in Global market, especially in North Americ
Intermountain security pro gives perspective on identity and access management
Bruce James, director of cybersecurity architecture at Intermountain Healthcare, discusses its approach to identity and access management, explains its recent focus on patient-centered IAM systems and offers some best practices for other healthcare provid
05/11/2017: How susceptible are Trump staffers to a phishing attack?
The cryptocurrency Bitcoin has hit a record high in value this week. What many, including the Fed, also see value in is Bitcoin's underlying technology, blockchain. 
M66X-PXKR: Reform of EU data protection rules - European C...
Perma.cc archive of http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/reform/index_en.htm created on 2017-05-11 02:31:42+00:00.. This item belongs to: web/perma_cc. This item has files of the following types: Archive BitTorrent, Item CDX Index, Item CDX Meta-In
OpenVPN 2.4.0 Denial Of Service
OpenVPN version 2.4.0 suffers from an unauthenticated denial of service vulnerability.
Microsoft's Windows 10 ARM-twist comes closer with first demonstration
Brian, take a look at this ... Last December, Qualcomm said Windows 10 would soon arrive on the ARM architecture, and it's had its first demo.…
PCI DSS - The Big Picture
PCI DSS - The Big PictureMP4 | Video: AVC 1280x720 | Audio: AAC 44KHz 2ch | Duration: 1 Hours 22M | 146 MBGenre: eLearning | Language: English
Latest Android security updates ready for several Xperia X phones
Tri County Sun Times - Latest Android security updates ready for several Xperia X phones             This firmware update delivers the May 1 2017 Android security patch plus a number of enhancements for the Xperia X series phones from previous year. The n
Mojo networks' tips to secure data protection, safe internet usage
*New Delhi [India], Apr. 12 (ANI): In an era of technological advancements, the internet has evolved into an integral part of everyday life, whether it is to do with professional matters or personal usage. Although establishing an unsecured Wi-Fi connecti
Wallet passwords and seeds might be recorded on certain HP-Notebooks by keylogger in audio driver
Wallet passwords and seeds might be recorded on certain HP-Notebooks by keylogger in audio driver http://ift.tt/2pqtYD3 Filed under: Bitcoin  
China's Popularity of Mobile Payment: Costs and Benefits
A foreigner scans the QR code to pay for snacks at a food stall in Hangzhou, the capital city of Zhejiang province, on April 14, 2017.     &nbsp;  All vendors selling a range of produce at a marketplace in Luyuan community of Beijing's Xicheng district su
Man-in-the-middle attack for Zersetzung-style political suppression, eugenics or other purposes, by combinations of psychometric profiling and suggestively introduced (sonic or electromagnetic) directions. Illustration of risk.
   Together with the graphic entry on ‘Would do’ and ‘would say’ modification. A.k.a., computer-programmable statements of thought reform …  … and the example of a specific operationalization of this concept in ‘would do’ and ‘would say’ modification: Enc
Emc press release_ emc simplifies continuous data protection and disaster recovery data recovery process _ data recovery
EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC), the world leader in information infrastructure solutions, today announced groundbreaking advances in its heterogeneous data protection software family for local and remote replication, EMC® RecoverPoint. Database instance Data
San Angelo, TX Waterworks And Sewer System Improvement Revenue Bonds Assigned #A+# Rating On Very Strong Enterprise Risk
CENTENNIAL (SP Global Ratings) May 11, 2017-SP Global Ratings assigned its #A+# long-term rating to San Angelo, Texas# series 2017 waterworks and sewer system improvement revenue bonds. The outlook is stable. The rating reflects our view of
Tizen overtakes Android Wear in smartwatch market share
When it comes to market share, Android Wear
IObit Malware Fighter 5 Pro
IObit Malware Fighter 5 Pro boasts an attractive user interface and an effective new ransomware protection engine, but the antivirus labs don't test it, and it failed some of our hands-on tests. Reported by PCMag.com 7 minutes ago.
CITIC Telecom certified to provide secure cloud services in Hong Kong
Receiving the ISO 27017 certification shows the company's commitment to cloud security and protection of end users' information.
Poll: Credit card fraud alerts surge, false alarms still common
Consumers report a 15 percent increase in contacts from banks about credit, debit card fraud
Oz MP flies crypto-kite, wants backdoors without backdoors
Victorian MP Anthony Byrne wants to re-start the encryption debate in Australia.…
HP has been unknowingly shipping a keylogger with its laptops since 2015
http://www.kitguru.net/tech-news/featured-tech-news/matthew-wilson/hp-has-been-unknowingly-shipping-a-keylogger-with-its-laptops-since-2015/  
Cloud Infrastructure Security Startup RedLock Launches Product and Self
RedLock Cloud 360 enables enterprises to manage security and compliance risks across their entire public-cloud infrastructure–but without impeding DevOps teams. Read the original post by Rajesh Pandey    
[Movie Review] Laura Poitras zeroes in on Julian Assange and WikiLeaks in the elusive, unsettling ‘Risk’
Laura Poitras' "Risk" is hardly the first feature film to take on Julian Assange, the elfin WikiLeaks mastermind who has
Accidentally sent Coinbase LTC to Kraken Bitcoin wallet address
Accidentally sent Coinbase LTC to Kraken Bitcoin wallet address http://ift.tt/2r7rvuh Filed under: Litecoin  
Malware Sends Stolen Cookies to Fake WordPressAPI Site (SecurityWeek)
Malware Sends Stolen Cookies to Fake WordPressAPI Site (SecurityWeek)
Google Researcher Details Linux Kernel Exploit (SecurityWeek)
Google Researcher Details Linux Kernel Exploit (SecurityWeek)
Military Biometrics Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2017-2025
Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/11/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Military Biometrics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025″. Biometric syste
How To Hack Clash Royale – Clash Royale 2017-2017 (ANDROID APK-HACK- NO ROOT)
 Download do Clash Royale hack 2017 
Comey called Trump ‘crazy’ after Obama wiretapping claims: report
The HillMay 11, 2017 Former FBI Director James Comey reportedly told associates in March that President Trump was “crazy” for suggesting former President Barack Obama had wiretapped him. Comey also called the president “outside the realm of normal,” accor
GLOBALES: Bank of France warns of phishing attempts using its name
Reuters / PARIS France's central bank on Tuesday said there had been an increase in phishing attempts using its name and logo and email addresses purporting to be Bank of France...
Counterfeit checks lead to arrest
LITCHFIELD – A Bridgeport man who allegedly paid for a cellphone with counterfeit $100 bills was arraigned Thursday in Bantam Superior Court on larceny and forgery charges. Tyrone Purcell, 21, of 305 Priscilla St., was ordered to have no contact...
Quantum's fourth quarter nearly clobbered
Seasonality dip exacerbated by StorNext revenue fall Quantum almost failed to meet its revenue expectations in its final fiscal 2017 quarter, as a StorNext revenue dip added to a seasonal decline.…
Vanilla Forums 2.3 Remote Code Execution
Vanilla Forums versions 2.3 and below remote code execution exploit.
Business News - Beyond the Privacy Fine Print: Making Privacy More...
Beyond the Privacy Fine Print: Making Privacy More Transparent Consumers have a growing sense of unease over loss of control when it comes to personal data.   ...
Gemalto Builds A Trusted IoT With Reliable Connectivity, Steadfast Security And Agile Monetization At IoT World 2017
                            Click to view a price quote on GTO.               Click to research the Financial Services industry.
Ex-NSW ALP boss guilty of data breach (AAP)
Ex-NSW Labor boss Jamie Clements has been found guilty of unlawfully using enrolment information but cleared of a second charge of disclosing such information.
Law Firm Sues Insurer Over $700K in Lost Billings Due to Ransomware Attack: eDiscovery Trends
A small Rhode Island law firm has filed a lawsuit against its insurance company after the insurer refused to pay $700,000 in lost billings following a ransomware attack on the firm that locked down the firm’s computer files for three months....By: CloudNi
SMBs: The Perfect Ransomware Targets
Don't assume you're too small of a business to attract a cyber-attacker's attention. Barracuda Networks' Hatem Naguib spells out the danger ransomware poses to entrepreneurs and how to fight back.
OPAQ Networks acquires Drawbridge Networks
 Herndon-based OPAQ Networks has acquired Drawbridge Networks, a provider of micro-segmentation Solutions. OPAQ officials said the deal would boost the company’s intellectual property, expand its footprint and enhance customers’ ability to identify, monit
Russian Charged With Breaching U.S. Firms Says FBI Attempted To Coerce Confession Over Clinton Hack
Intersting… Via Washington Times: A Russian man wanted by the Justice Department on charges connected to hacking U.S. companies now claims the FBI offered him immunity in exchange for accepting responsibility for cyberattacks targeting former Democratic n
Taking the Fight for Digital Rights to Our Libraries
Increasingly, the library is the place where people trust—and use—not just the librarian at the help desk, but also the search engine, online catalogs, digital archives, and ... read more 
New Jaff ransomware via Necurs asks for 2 BTC
New Jaff ransomware via Necurs asks for 2 BTC    
DDoS Attacks against DNS Infrastructure in the News
DDoS Attacks against DNS Infrastructure in the News    
How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models
Modzero, a security firm in Switzerland, has discovered a Conexant keylogger pre-installed on certain laptop models. It's an audio driver located in the Windows system folder.  This driver automatically loads every time a user logs in. Andrew Orr shares w
On Emerging Family of Elliptic Curves to Secure Internet of Things: ECC Comes of Age
Lightweight Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) is a critical component for constructing the security system of Internet of Things (IoT). In this paper, we define an emerging family of lightweight elliptic curves to meet the requirements on some resource-co
SMA: A System-Level Mutual Authentication for Protecting Electronic Hardware and Firmware
Due to the enhanced capability of adversaries, electronic systems are now increasingly vulnerable to counterfeiting and piracy. The majority of counterfeit systems today are of cloned type, which have been on the rise in the recent years. Ensuring the sec
PCI DSS - The Big Picture
PCI DSS - The Big PictureMP4 | Video: AVC 1280x720 | Audio: AAC 44KHz 2ch | Duration: 1 Hours 22M | 146 MBGenre: eLearning | Language: English
Microsoft Scrambles To Fix Crazy Bad Zero-Day Vulnerability In Windows: What Makes The Bug So Dang (Tech Times)
Tech TimesMicrosoft Scrambles To Fix Crazy Bad Zero-Day Vulnerability In Windows: What Makes The Bug So Dang - Microsoft has rolled out an emergency patch to fix a severe zero-day bug in Windows that exposes users to massive risk. Why is the bug considere
CyberArk Acquires Conjur, Revolutionizing DevOps Security to Drive Greater Business Agility
CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ: CYBR), the company that protects organizations from cyber attacks that have made their way inside the network perimeter, today acquired privately-held Conjur, Inc., a Newton, Mass.-based provider of DevOps security software
Knicks State of Mind Podcast: KP’s Hacked Tweet, Better Off Without Melo? (Audio)
On the inaugural Knicks State of Mind Podcast, Matt and Chip welcome ESNY colleague Charles Hart to talk KP's tweet and Melo's future. The first edition of the Knicks State of Mind Podcast is finally here and co-hosts Matt Castillo and Chip Murphy are tal
Phasor measurement unit based wide-area monitoring and information sharing between micro-grids
Micro-grid (MG) monitoring and information sharing between them through a central monitoring unit is required in the present day operational environment. The proposed research focuses on developing wide-area monitoring platform for multiple MGs running in
Comey Called Trump ‘Crazy’ After Obama Wiretapping Claims: Report
The following is via TheHill: Former FBI Director James Comey reportedly told associates in March that President Trump was "crazy" for suggesting former President Obama had wiretapped him. Comey also called the president “outside the realm of normal,” acc
Whistleblower's Wiretapping FCA Suit Appealed To High Court
Whistleblower's Wiretapping FCA Suit Appealed To High Court
Sold STC Happy Hacker would suit older person - £1,350
 This pony has been an absolute dream in the time that we have had him and he hasn't put a foot wrong.I rescued him from a very bad situation about 7 months back and he has been so gentle and...
Chinese hackers made $3 million trading on confidential M&A data swiped from corporate lawyers
Three Chinese citizens who traded on insider information by hacking into the systems of two New York...
Global Iris Biometric Market Trends Estimates High Demand by 2024
Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/11/2017 — Zion Market Research, the market research group announced the analysis report titled „Iris Biometric Market: Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021„ Iris biometric is an automated meth
RSA Adaptive Authentication (On-Premise) Cross Site Scripting
RSA Adaptive Authentication (On-Premise) contains a fix for a cross site scripting vulnerability that could potentially be exploited by malicious users to compromise the affected system.
EMC Isilon OneFS NFS Export Upgrade
EMC Isilon OneFS is affected by an NFS export vulnerability. Under certain conditions, after upgrading a cluster from OneFS 7.1.1.x or earlier, users may have unexpected levels of access to some NFS exports.
Threatpost: Anti Public Combo List Analysis Reveals Password Habits Improving
Researchers take a deep dive analysis on a recently discovered database of more than 500 million username and password pairs.
HP Accidentally Ships Laptop Audio Driver With Keylogger Installed (Joel Hruska/Extremetech)
Joel Hruska / ExtremetechHP Accidentally Ships Laptop Audio Driver With Keylogger Installed - HP has been shipping a keylogger embedded in its audio drivers across more than two dozen laptops and tablets. Whoops. The post HP Accidentally Ships Laptop Audi
Secure Hardware and Cryptography: Contrasts, Synergies and Challenges
May 18 2017 12:00PM to May 18 2017 1:00PM NSF Room 110 Secure Hardware and Cryptography: Contrasts, Synergies and Challenges Abstract:Numerous cryptographic protocols and mechanisms have been developed to solve computer security challenges, and these tech
